paleozoic ancient life
cambrian explosion
ordovician marine life
silurian first fish
devonian age of fish
carboniferous coal forests
permian great dying
mesozoic age of reptiles
triassic recovery period
jurassic dinosaur peak
cretaceous flowering plants
cenozoic age of mammals
paleocene recovery
eocene greenhouse
oligocene cooling
miocene warmth
pliocene ice buildup
pleistocene ice ages
holocene current epoch
anthropocene human impact
precambrian deep time
hadean hellish earth
archean early life
proterozoic complex cells
ediacaran soft bodies
vendian mysterious creatures
tommotian small shells
atdabanian trilobites
botomian archaeocyatha
toyonian diversity
amgaian extinction
middle cambrian
furongian final
tremadocian early
floian warming
dapingian cooling
darriwilian expansion
sandbian diversity
katian cooling
hirnantian glaciation
rhuddanian recovery