tribal clans
merchant republics
feudal kingdoms
theocracies
magocracies
hive minds
nomadic tribes
city-states
confederations
corporate states
pirate enclaves
desert caravans
island federations
matriarchal societies
utopian communes
dystopian regimes
casteless societies
guild-based cultures
artisan cooperatives
scholar orders
agrarian cooperatives
airborne nomads
ancestral temple states
anarchist collectives
arboreal villages
barbarian confederacies
borderland marches
celestial empires
clan matriarchies
cliffside settlements
coastal trade leagues
crystal mining enclaves
cyberpunk megacities
desert caliphates
druid circles
dynastic empires
egalitarian communes
floating archipelagos
frontier townships
frozen tundra clans
glacier citadels
hilltop citadels
hinterland protectorates
hive guilds
jade court societies
jungle chiefdoms
labyrinth dwellers
legionary provinces
merchant caravanserais
military juntas
monastic strongholds
mountain monasteries
nomadic warbands
oceanic thalassocracies
oracle cults
pastoral highlands
pearl diving villages
philosopher kingdoms
plague survivor enclaves
rebel undergrounds
river delta kingdoms
sacred groves
sea nomad flotillas
shadow syndicates
skyborne citadels
steppe khanates
stone circle tribes
storm worshippers
subterranean enclaves
sun worship orders
