hexagonal crystal lattice
cubic mineral structure
tetragonal gem formation
orthorhombic crystal system
monoclinic mineral arrangement
triclinic asymmetric pattern
rhombohedral crystal habit
prismatic elongated form
tabular flattened shape
pyramidal pointed structure
scalenohedral distorted form
trapezohedron geometric shape
dodecahedral twelve-sided
octahedral eight-faced
icosahedral twenty-sided
tetrahedral four-faced
trigonal three-fold symmetry
hexagonal six-fold pattern
octagonal eight-sided
decagonal ten-sided
pentagonal five-sided
heptagonal seven-sided
enneagonal nine-sided
hendecagonal eleven-sided
dodecagonal twelve-sided
tridecagonal thirteen-sided
tetradecagonal fourteen-sided
pentadecagonal fifteen-sided
hexadecagonal sixteen-sided
heptadecagonal seventeen-sided
octadecagonal eighteen-sided
enneadecagonal nineteen-sided
icosagonal twenty-sided
fractal self-similar pattern
dendritic branching structure
botryoidal rounded masses
stalactitic hanging formation
stalagmitic rising columns
mammillary breast-like
reniform kidney-shaped
globular spherical masses