grey alien abductor
reptilian shapeshifter
mantis being insectoid
nordic tall white
small grey worker
large grey commander
hybrid human-alien
android synthetic being
cyborg enhanced human
robot artificial intelligence
ai consciousness
digital entity
hologram projection
energy being pure light
plasma creature ionized
quantum entity probability
dark matter organism
antimatter being
exotic matter creature
tachyon faster-than-light
photon light speed
neutrino ghost particle
quark fundamental particle
lepton elementary particle
boson force carrier
fermion matter particle
higgs field interaction
graviton gravity particle
magnetic monopole
strangelets strange matter
axion dark matter
wimp weakly interacting
machos massive objects
primordial black hole
white hole time-reversed
wormhole space tunnel
naked singularity
cosmic string defect
domain wall boundary
monopole magnetic
texture topological defect