crackling electricity arcs
swirling water vortex
dancing flame wisps
growing plant tendrils
floating ice crystals
orbiting rock fragments
pulsing psychic aura
creeping shadow tendrils
sparkling fairy dust
gleaming metal shards
buzzing insect swarm
ethereal ghost mist
roaring dragon energy
flowing fighting ki
erupting ground spikes
soaring wind currents
stable normal energy
combined dual forces
absorbed ambient power
amplified core strength
redirected enemy force
protective barrier dome
healing light radiance
immune system override
enhanced physical stats
critical precision focus
improved hit accuracy
evasive dodge matrix
accelerated time flow
multiplied raw power
fortified armor plating
boosted special output
defensive wall creation
vital force restoration
magical power renewal
endurance stamina boost
concentrated mind focus
berserker fury unleash
meditative calm center
hypnotic sleep waves
stunning paralysis field
disorienting confusion
attractive charm field
intimidating fear aura