space elevators
orbital rings
Bishop rings
Stanford torus
O'Neill cylinders
Bernal spheres
rotating habitats
artificial gravity
centrifugal force
Coriolis effects
space colonies
lunar bases
Mars settlements
asteroid mining
Dyson spheres
Kardashev scale
megastructures
ringworlds
Alderson disks
matrioshka brains
Jupiter brains
computronium
utility fog
smart matter
programmable matter
molecular assemblers
disassemblers
replicators
nanofactories
molecular manufacturing
atomically precise manufacturing
desktop nanofabrication
personal fabricators
molecular electronics
nanocomputers
quantum computers
quantum dots
quantum wells
quantum wires
carbon nanotubes
graphene sheets
fullerenes
buckyballs
nanodiamonds
nanoribbons
nanocones
nanohorns
nanobuds
peapods
onions
scrolls
toroids
helices
junctions
heterojunctions
metallic nanotubes
semiconducting nanotubes
armchair nanotubes
zigzag nanotubes
chiral nanotubes
single-walled
multi-walled
double-walled
few-walled
bundled nanotubes
nanotube ropes
nanotube yarns
nanotube forests
vertically aligned
horizontally aligned
patterned growth
selective growth
catalyst particles
chemical vapor deposition
arc discharge
laser ablation
high-pressure CO
plasma enhanced
thermal decomposition
template synthesis
electrochemical
solution phase
liquid phase
gas phase
solid phase
epitaxial growth
self-assembly
directed assembly
hierarchical assembly
bottom-up fabrication
top-down lithography
electron beam lithography
focused ion beam
scanning probe lithography
dip-pen nanolithography
molecular beam epitaxy
atomic layer deposition
chemical beam epitaxy
physical vapor deposition
sputtering deposition
evaporation coating
pulsed laser deposition
sol-gel processing
hydrothermal synthesis
solvothermal synthesis
microwave synthesis
sonochemical synthesis
electrospinning
electrospraying
spray pyrolysis
flame synthesis
combustion synthesis
mechanochemical synthesis
ball milling
high-energy milling
cryogenic milling
reactive milling
template-directed
surfactant-mediated
biomimetic synthesis
green synthesis
sustainable fabrication