cathedral spire motifs
flying buttress designs
gargoyle face plates
grotesque mask elements
stone archway patterns
stained glass windows
rose window designs
pointed arch shapes
ribbed vault patterns
pinnacle decorations
crocket ornaments
finial flourishes
tracery work details
quatrefoil symbols
trefoil decorations
fleur-de-lis emblems
cross patt√©e designs
maltese cross symbols
templar cross motifs
religious iconography
saint figure reliefs
angel wing patterns
demon face guards
skull motif details
bone texture inlays
cemetery gate designs
tombstone engravings
funeral monument style
mourning veil draping
death mask features
plague doctor elements
medieval torture device
dungeon aesthetic
castle battlements
fortress wall patterns
tower shield designs
drawbridge mechanisms
portcullis gate motifs
murder hole decorations
arrow slit openings