ocean wave crashes
seagull cries distant
pelican diving splash
whale song echoing
dolphin click communication
seal barking colony
sea lion bellowing
tide pool bubbling
pebble rolling waves
driftwood grinding sand
seashell wind whistle
beach grass rustling
sand dune shifting
lighthouse fog horn
boat engine puttering
anchor chain rattling
sail flapping wind
rope creaking tension
dock post grinding
harbor bell clanging
fishing reel spinning
tackle box rattling
cooler ice shifting
campfire crackling
wood splitting axe
tent zipper opening
sleeping bag rustling
backpack strap adjusting
hiking boot crunching
stream water babbling
waterfall roaring power
rain pattering leaves
thunder rumbling distance
lightning crack sharp
wind howling trees
branch breaking snap
leaf rustling gentle
bird wing flapping
eagle screech hunting
owl hoot nocturnal
cricket chirping chorus
frog croaking pond
cicada buzzing summer
bee humming flower
fly buzzing annoyance
mosquito whining ear
spider web vibrating
snake hissing warning
mouse squeaking fear
rabbit thumping danger
deer snorting alert
wolf howling pack
coyote yipping night
bear growling territory
mountain lion screaming
elk bugling mating
moose antler clashing
beaver tail slapping
otter playful splashing
fish jumping surface
duck quacking pond
goose honking formation
crane calling migration
heron patient waiting
kingfisher diving catch