ancient red dragon
adult gold dragon
young silver dragon
wyrmling black dragon
white dragon ancient
green dragon adult
blue dragon young
bronze dragon wyrmling
copper dragon ancient
brass dragon adult
chromatic dragon evil
metallic dragon good
prismatic rainbow dragon
shadow dragon undead
ghost dragon spectral
dracolich undead dragon
wyvern lesser dragon
drake dragon spawn
kobold dragon servant
dragonborn draconic humanoid
half-dragon hybrid
dragon turtle aquatic
faerie dragon tiny
pseudodragon familiar
song dragon musical
crystal dragon psionic
deep dragon underdark
brown dragon desert
yellow dragon plains
orange dragon volcanic
purple dragon psychic
pink dragon love
dragon king ruler
dragon queen matriarch
dragon god deity
dragon lord noble
dragon knight rider
dragon slayer hunter
dragon cultist worshiper
dragon egg precious
dragon hoard treasure