jazz saxophone smooth
blues harmonica wailing
rock electric guitar
metal distorted riffs
punk power chords
indie alternative sound
pop synthesized beats
electronic dance music
house four four beat
techno mechanical rhythm
trance hypnotic melody
dubstep bass drops
drum and bass breakbeat
ambient atmospheric
downtempo chill
lo fi hip hop
trap hi hats
mumble rap autotuned
conscious rap lyrical
old school hip hop
boom bap drums
g funk synthesizers
west coast laid back
east coast hardcore
southern crunk
chicago drill
atlanta trap
detroit techno
new orleans bounce
memphis phonk
houston chopped screwed
bay area hyphy
uk garage
grime mc battles
dub reggae echo
dancehall digital
ska upstroke
rocksteady groove
roots reggae
lovers rock smooth
jungle breakbeat
liquid drum bass
neurofunk aggressive
hardstep industrial
jump up bouncy
ragga jungle
breakcore chaotic
speedcore extreme
hardcore gabber
happy hardcore
uk hardcore
hardstyle reverse bass
psytrance psychedelic
goa trance spiritual
progressive trance
uplifting trance
vocal trance
balearic beat
ibiza sound
deep house
tech house
minimal techno
detroit techno
berlin techno
acid house
chicago house
new york house
garage house
funky house
tribal house
progressive house
electro house
big room
future house
tropical house
deep tropical
afro house
latin house
brazilian bass
moombahton
reggaeton perreo
latin trap
mariachi trumpets
salsa piano montuno
bachata guitar
merengue accordion
cumbia accordion
vallenato storytelling
tango bandoneon
bossa nova guitar
samba percussion
forro triangle
axe music
funk carioca
pagode cavaquinho
sertanejo country
mpb sophistication
tropicalia experimental
manguebeat fusion
brega funk
tecnobrega
arrocha romantic
piseiro electronic
funk paulista
proibidao explicit
ostentacao luxury
flamenco guitar
rumba gitana
sevillanas festive
fandango rhythmic
buleria complex
solea deep
alegrias joyful
siguiriyas profound
tangos flamenco
granaina free form
malaguena melancholy
taranta mining
cartagenera regional
murciana folk
polo flamenco
cana flamenco
petenera mysterious
liviana light
serrana mountain
bambera dance
caracoles festive
mirabrás variant
romance narrative
nana lullaby
saeta religious
debla lamenting
martinete anvil
toná ancient
carcelera prison
temporera seasonal
trilla threshing
farruca dance
garrotin cheerful
guajira cuban
milonga argentine
chacarera folk
zamba romantic
cueca courtship
huayno andean
carnavalito festive
bailecito traditional
gato creole
malambo male
escondido hidden
triunfo victory
aire libre open
cuando traditional
firmeza strength
media cana
cielito folk
pericón dance
vals criollo
ranchera mexicana
mariachi ensemble
huapango jarocho
son jarocho
son huasteco
jarabe tapatio
corrido narrative
narcocorrido drug
banda sinaloense
duranguense
grupero
norteno accordion
tejano conjunto
conjunto accordion
cumbia mexicana
cumbia rebajada
tribal guarachero
electrocumbia
mambo cuban
cha cha cha
rumba ballroom
bolero romantic
guaracha satirical
son montuno
timba modern
nueva trova
bolero son
criolla cuban
guaguanco rumba
yambu rumba
columbia rumba
comparsa carnival
conga carnival
bomba puerto rican
plena narrative
salsa dura
salsa romantica
salsa gorda
salsa urbana
reggaeton old school
reggaeton new school
dembow dominican
merengue tipico
merengue electronico
bachata moderna
bachata sensual
bachata urbana
mambo dominicano
perico ripiao
tipico moderno
son cubano
nueva cancion
protest songs
folk revival
bluegrass banjo
country western
honky tonk
outlaw country
alt country
americana roots
folk acoustic
singer songwriter
indie folk
freak folk
psychedelic folk
doom metal
black metal
death metal
thrash metal
power metal
progressive metal
symphonic metal
gothic metal
industrial metal
nu metal
metalcore
deathcore
grindcore
sludge metal
stoner rock
desert rock
post rock
shoegaze dreamy
noise rock
math rock
post punk
new wave
synth pop
darkwave
coldwave
minimal wave
electro clash
electronica
idm intelligent
glitch electronic
microsound
lowercase quiet
field recording
musique concrete
electroacoustic
acousmatic
sound art
drone ambient
dark ambient
space ambient
new age
meditation music
healing frequencies
binaural beats
isochronic tones
tibetan singing bowls
crystal singing bowls
sound bath
gong meditation
mantra chanting
gregorian chant
byzantine chant
vedic chanting
quranic recitation
sufi music
devotional music
kirtan call response
bhajan devotional
classical indian
hindustani classical
carnatic classical
dhrupad ancient
khayal classical
thumri romantic
ghazal poetry
qawwali sufi
tabla percussion
sitar strings
sarod strings
santoor hammered
sarangi bowed
shehnai reed
bansuri flute
harmonium pump
tanpura drone
chinese guzheng
erhu chinese violin
pipa chinese lute
dizi bamboo flute
suona chinese horn
yangqin hammered
gamelan indonesian
angklung bamboo
kulintang gongs
koto japanese
shamisen japanese
shakuhachi flute
taiko drums
gagaku court music
min yo folk
enka traditional
j pop japanese pop
visual kei
shibuya kei
k pop korean pop
k indie korean indie
trot korean
pansori korean opera
samulnori percussion
traditional korean
mongolian throat singing
tuvan throat singing
overtone singing
beatboxing vocal
a cappella
barbershop harmony
gospel choir
spirituals
blues shouting
field hollers
work songs
chain gang
prison songs
sea shanties
folk ballads
murder ballads
child ballads
broadside ballads
talking blues
protest songs
antiwar songs
civil rights
labor songs
union songs
environmental songs
feminist songs
lgbtq anthems