h.r. giger style
alien xenomorph aesthetic
bio-mechanical horror
organic machinery
flesh and metal fusion
sinew cable integration
bone structure framework
muscle fiber actuators
nervous system wiring
vascular tube network
respiratory vent system
digestive acid chambers
reproductive egg chambers
sensory organ arrays
pheromone gland clusters
bio-luminescent panels
chromatophore skin display
electroreception sensors
magnetic field detection
infrared thermal vision
ultraviolet spectrum sight
echolocation sound mapping
vibration seismic sensing
chemical taste receptors
pressure depth gauges
gravitational field sensors
electromagnetic pulse organs
radioactive decay detectors
quantum entanglement links
dimensional phase shifters
temporal distortion fields
space-time curvature sensors
dark matter interactions
antimatter containment
zero-point energy taps
vacuum fluctuation harvesting
casimir effect generators
hawking radiation collectors
black hole event horizons
wormhole transit gates
parallel universe bridges