flesh-fused metal plates
bone-integrated armor
sinew-bound protection
muscle-woven mail
organ-embedded gear
skin-grafted covering
nerve-threaded binding
blood-vessel routing
cartilage reinforcement
marrow-filled tubes
tooth-studded surface
nail-spiked exterior
hair-matted texture
scar-tissue patches
keloid growth patterns
tumor-like protrusions
cyst-riddled surface
abscess-swollen areas
gangrenous flesh tones
necrotic tissue decay
maggot-infested sections
parasitic growth
viral infection marks
bacterial colony spread
fungal overgrowth
mold-covered areas
rust-like blood stains
pus-weeping joints
infected wound openings
surgical scar lines
amputation stumps
prosthetic attachments
mechanical implants
crude surgical repairs
hasty field medicine
emergency amputation
desperate medical intervention
survival surgery marks
self-inflicted modifications
madness-driven alterations