faded grace remnants
lost golden luster
tarnished divine favor
dimmed holy radiance
abandoned by grace
exiled from light
fallen from blessing
stripped of divine touch
grace-forsaken state
light-abandoned condition
blessing-withdrawn armor
divine favor lost
sacred connection severed
holy bond broken
celestial link destroyed
erdtree grace faded
golden order rejected
outer god abandoned
two fingers forsaken
roundtable hold exiled
maiden abandoned
finger reader shunned
rune merchant forgotten
smithing master lost
spirit tuning rejected
torrent bond weakened
flask blessing diminished
site of grace ignored
guidance lost
compass broken
map fragment torn
lantern extinguished
torch burned out
flame dying
ember cooling
ash settling
dust accumulating
rust spreading
corrosion advancing
decay progressing