celestial gold plating
divine silver inlay
holy platinum trim
blessed mithril core
sanctified adamantine
consecrated metal blessing
purified steel forging
heaven-touched materials
seraph wing patterns
cherub face engravings
archangel insignia
divine messenger symbols
holy warrior emblems
temple guard designs
cathedral knight motifs
crusader cross patterns
paladin oath markers
cleric blessing runes
priest sanctification
bishop authority symbols
cardinal rank insignia
pope divine mandate
saint martyrdom honors
miracle worker tokens
divine champion marks
righteous fury emblems
holy vengeance symbols
sacred justice scales
divine retribution
heavenly judgment
celestial court regalia
throne room magnificence
pearly gate designs
golden harp patterns
trumpet herald motifs
choir angelic harmony
hymn sacred melody
prayer divine communion
blessing holy touch
grace divine favor