soil composition analysis
bedrock geological surveys
mineral deposit locations
ore vein distributions
petroleum reservoir mapping
natural gas field boundaries
coal seam stratigraphic layers
groundwater aquifer systems
spring water source points
well drilling locations
quarry extraction sites
gravel pit operations
sand mining areas
clay deposit formations
limestone quarry operations
marble extraction sites
granite quarry locations
slate mining operations
shale formation layers
sandstone outcroppings
volcanic rock formations
igneous intrusion bodies
metamorphic rock zones
sedimentary layer sequences
fault line geological breaks
earthquake epicenter points
seismic activity zones
landslide risk areas
erosion susceptible slopes
flood plain boundaries
tsunami inundation zones
hurricane storm surge areas
wildfire risk assessments
drought vulnerability maps
climate change impact zones
sea level rise projections
temperature gradient zones
precipitation pattern maps
wind pattern distributions
weather system tracking