extreme close up
close up
medium close up
medium shot
medium long shot
long shot
extreme long shot
establishing shot
master shot
two shot
three shot
over the shoulder
point of view shot
insert shot
cutaway shot
reaction shot
reverse shot
shot reverse shot
match cut
jump cut
cross cutting
parallel editing
montage sequence
tracking shot
dolly shot
crane shot
steadicam shot
handheld camera
dutch angle
birds eye view
worms eye view
low angle
high angle
eye level
canted angle
tilted horizon
symmetrical composition
asymmetrical balance
rule of thirds
golden ratio
leading lines
diagonal composition
triangular composition
circular composition
s curve composition
z composition
frame within frame
negative space
positive space
foreground focus
middle ground
background depth
shallow depth field
deep focus
rack focus
follow focus
pull focus
push focus
zoom in
zoom out
dolly zoom
vertigo effect
crash zoom
whip pan
tilt up
tilt down
pan left
pan right
360 degree pan
orbital shot
gimbal movement
drone photography
aerial cinematography
underwater filming
time lapse
slow motion
high speed
bullet time
freeze frame
split screen
multiple exposure
double exposure
superimposition
composite shot
green screen
blue screen
chroma key
motion capture
performance capture
facial capture
previz animatic
storyboard frame
shot list sequence
camera blocking
actor blocking
staging depth
mise en scene
production design
set decoration
costume design
makeup artistry
special effects
visual effects
practical effects
miniature work
matte painting
digital environment
virtual set
volume led wall
real time rendering
game engine filmmaking
unreal engine
unity production
virtual production
motion control
camera robot
technocrane
jib arm
slider track
camera car
helicopter mount
gimbal stabilizer
remote head
wireless monitoring
video village
dop director photography
camera operator
focus puller
gaffer lighting
key grip
dolly grip
camera assistant
loader film
dit digital imaging
script supervisor
continuity notes
matching action
eyeline match
screen direction
180 degree rule
30 degree rule
coverage shooting
master coverage
insert coverage
reaction coverage
cutaway coverage
safety coverage
pickup shots
reshoots
additional photography
second unit
splinter unit
b camera
c camera
multi camera
single camera
film format
digital format
16mm film
35mm film
65mm film
70mm film
imax format
red camera
arri alexa
sony fx
canon eos
blackmagic pocket
film grain
digital noise
dynamic range
color grading
color correction
lut application
film emulation
vintage look
modern clean
desaturated
oversaturated
high contrast
low contrast
warm tones
cool tones
amber highlights
teal shadows
orange cyan
complementary colors
analogous colors
monochromatic
black white
sepia tone
bleach bypass
cross processing
film stocks
kodak vision
fuji eterna
agfa color
tungsten balance
daylight balance
mixed lighting
natural light
artificial light
practical lights
motivated lighting
unmotivated lighting
key light
fill light
back light
rim light
hair light
background light
ambient light
hard light
soft light
diffused light
direct light
bounce light
reflected light
window light
candle light
fire light
neon light
fluorescent light
led panels
hmi lights
tungsten bulbs
halogen lamps
fresnel spots
softboxes
umbrellas
flags and nets
diffusion material
color gels
nd filters
polarizing filters
pro mist filters
black mist
glimmer glass
streak filters
star filters
graduated filters
circular polarizer
variable nd
matte box
follow focus
wireless focus
lens control
zoom control
iris control
aperture settings
f stop numbers
t stop ratings
depth of field
hyperfocal distance
infinity focus
macro focus
minimum focus
focus breathing
lens distortion
barrel distortion
pincushion distortion
chromatic aberration
vignetting
lens flare
anamorphic flare
bokeh quality
circular bokeh
hexagonal bokeh
oval bokeh
swirly bokeh
smooth bokeh
busy bokeh
prime lenses
zoom lenses
wide angle
normal lens
telephoto
super telephoto
macro lens
tilt shift
fish eye
anamorphic lens
spherical lens
vintage glass
modern optics
coated lenses
uncoated glass
rehoused vintage
cine lenses
photo lenses
mirror lenses
lens adapters
speed boosters
focal reducers
lens filters
protection filters
uv filters
skylight filters
warming filters
cooling filters
color correction
color temperature
kelvin scale
tungsten 3200k
daylight 5600k
shade 7000k
cloudy 6500k
fluorescent 4000k
candlelight 1900k
sunset 3000k
golden hour
blue hour
magic hour
civil twilight
nautical twilight
astronomical twilight
solar noon
overcast sky
partly cloudy
clear sky
dramatic clouds
storm clouds
fog atmosphere
haze diffusion
smoke effects
atmospheric perspective
aerial perspective
forced perspective
miniature faking
tilt shift effect
selective focus
rack focus pull
focus transition
smooth focus
snap focus
breathing lens
parfocal zoom
varifocal zoom
constant aperture
variable aperture
image stabilization
optical stabilization
electronic stabilization
in body stabilization
lens stabilization
gimbal stabilization
mechanical stabilization
software stabilization
post stabilization
warp stabilizer
motion blur
directional blur
radial blur
zoom blur
camera shake
intentional shake
handheld aesthetic
documentary style
cinema verite
observational mode
participatory mode
expository mode
poetic mode
reflexive mode
performative mode
interactive documentary
mockumentary style
found footage
security camera
surveillance footage
webcam recording
smartphone video
social media
vertical video
square format
widescreen
cinemascope
academy ratio
television safe
action safe
title safe
broadcast standards
streaming formats
web delivery
mobile optimized
tablet viewing
laptop screen
desktop monitor
television display
projection screen
imax screen
dolby cinema
thx certified
surround sound
atmos audio
binaural recording
ambisonic audio
spatial audio
3d audio
vr audio
360 video
virtual reality
augmented reality
mixed reality
volumetric capture
light field
holographic display
stereoscopic 3d
anaglyph 3d
polarized 3d
active shutter
passive glasses
hmd headset
haptic feedback
motion controllers
eye tracking
hand tracking
full body tracking
mocap suit
facial tracking
expression capture
emotion recognition
ai enhancement
machine learning
neural networks
deep learning
style transfer
upscaling
denoising
color matching
auto correction
smart editing
automated cutting
rhythm analysis
beat detection
music synchronization
dialogue editing
sound mixing
foley recording
adr looping
voice over
narration
subtitle text
closed captions
accessibility features
audio description
sign language
multi language
international version
domestic cut
directors cut
extended edition
deleted scenes
alternate ending
behind scenes
making of
commentary track
bonus features
easter eggs
hidden content
interactive menu
chapter selection
scene access
bookmark system
playlist creation
recommendation engine
algorithm curation
user generated
crowd sourced
collaborative editing
remix culture
fan edits
mashup videos
supercuts
video essays
analysis pieces
reaction videos
commentary videos
review channels
tutorial content
educational videos
training materials
corporate videos
promotional content
advertising spots
commercial breaks
product placement
brand integration
native advertising
influencer content
sponsored posts
affiliate marketing
monetization strategies
revenue sharing
subscription model
pay per view
premium content
exclusive access
early release
limited edition
collectors items
special packaging
merchandise tie ins
cross promotion
franchise building
universe expansion
sequel setup
prequel backstory
spin off series
reboot versions
remake updates
adaptation changes
source material
original screenplay
adapted screenplay
treatment document
pitch deck
proof concept
test footage
screen test
audition tape
casting process
talent search
star vehicle
ensemble cast
cameo appearance
guest star
recurring character
background actor
extras casting
crowd scenes
practical crowds
digital crowds
cgi doubles
stunt doubles
body doubles
scale doubles
photo doubles
stand ins
lighting doubles
rehearsal process
table reads
blocking rehearsal
dress rehearsal
technical rehearsal
camera rehearsal
final rehearsal
performance capture
motion reference
facial reference
voice reference
dialogue coach
accent coach
dialect coach
movement coach
fight choreographer
stunt coordinator
special effects supervisor
visual effects supervisor
animation director
layout artist
modeling artist
texture artist
lighting artist
rendering artist
compositing artist
matte painter
concept artist
storyboard artist
previz artist
postvis artist
final pixel
color scientist
dailies colorist
final colorist
conform editor
online editor
sound editor
music editor
title designer
graphics artist
motion graphics
visual identity
brand guidelines
style guide
color palette
typography choices
logo animation
end credits
opening titles
main title
title sequence
card graphics
lower thirds
name plates
location cards
time stamps
date stamps
chapter titles
act breaks
commercial breaks
fade to black
fade to white
fade in
fade out
cross fade
dissolve transition
wipe transition
iris transition
flip transition
slide transition
push transition
split transition
clock wipe
heart wipe
star wipe
custom transition
motion blur transition
zoom transition
rotation transition
scale transition
position change
opacity animation
color change
saturation shift
brightness adjustment
contrast modification
gamma correction
highlight recovery
shadow lifting
midtone adjustment
curve adjustment
levels correction
histogram analysis
scopes monitoring
waveform display
vectorscope
rgb parade
luma waveform
chroma vectorscope
false color
zebra patterns
focus peaking
exposure warning
safe area guides
grid overlay
aspect ratio
letterbox format
pillarbox format
windowbox format
fullscreen format
pan and scan
open matte
anamorphic desqueeze
pixel aspect
frame rate
23.976 fps
24 fps
25 fps
29.97 fps
30 fps
48 fps
50 fps
59.94 fps
60 fps
120 fps
240 fps
1000 fps
high frame rate
variable frame rate
time remapping
speed ramping
overcrank
undercrank
film speed
shutter angle
180 degree
360 degree
90 degree
45 degree
motion blur amount
stroboscopic effect
wagon wheel
aliasing artifacts
moire patterns
rolling shutter
global shutter
cmos sensor
ccd sensor
full frame
super 35
aps c
micro four thirds
medium format
large format
sensor size
crop factor
field of view
angle of view
effective focal length
lens multiplication
image circle
vignetting natural
vignetting added
edge darkening
corner shading
light falloff
exposure compensation
dynamic range
highlight rolloff
shadow detail
noise performance
iso sensitivity
base iso
dual native iso
extended iso
digital gain
analog gain
signal to noise
bit depth
color depth
chroma subsampling
compression artifacts
codec efficiency
bitrate allocation
variable bitrate
constant bitrate
lossless compression
lossy compression
raw recording
log recording
rec 709
rec 2020
dci p3
adobe rgb
prophoto rgb
wide color gamut
color space
gamma curve
linear gamma
logarithmic curve
s curve
film curve
digital curve
highlight protection
shadow protection
exposure latitude
overexposure recovery
underexposure lifting
clipping prevention
blown highlights
crushed blacks
midtone preservation
color accuracy
color reproduction
color consistency
white balance
color temperature
tint adjustment
magenta green
skin tone
memory colors
preferred colors
pleasing colors
natural colors
accurate colors
creative colors
stylized look
realistic look
documentary look
narrative look
commercial look
music video
fashion film
art film
experimental video
abstract imagery
surreal composition
dreamlike sequence
nightmare scenario
fantasy realm
science fiction
horror atmosphere
comedy timing
drama pacing
action choreography
romance lighting
thriller suspense
mystery revelation
adventure journey
epic scope
intimate moment
emotional climax
visual metaphor
symbolic imagery
allegorical content
narrative structure
three act structure
five act structure
hero journey
character arc
plot development
conflict resolution
rising action
falling action
exposition setup
inciting incident
plot points
turning points
climax moment
denouement
resolution
open ending
closed ending
twist ending
surprise reveal
plot twist
red herring
macguffin
chekovs gun
foreshadowing
callback
payoff
setup
plant
emotional beats
character moments
relationship dynamics
dialogue scenes
action sequences
chase scenes
fight scenes
love scenes
death scenes
birth scenes
transformation
revelation
recognition
reversal
catharsis
emotional release
audience manipulation
viewer engagement
immersive experience
suspension disbelief
emotional investment
character empathy
protagonist sympathy
antagonist motivation
character complexity
moral ambiguity
ethical dilemma
philosophical question
existential crisis
identity crisis
coming of age
loss of innocence
redemption arc
corruption arc
fall from grace
rise to power
underdog story
fish out water
mistaken identity
case of identities
role reversal
power dynamics
social commentary
political message
cultural critique
historical perspective
contemporary relevance
universal themes
timeless stories
modern interpretation
period accuracy
anachronistic elements
artistic license
creative freedom
personal vision
auteur theory
collaborative art
commercial constraints
artistic integrity
mass appeal
niche audience
target demographic
market research
focus groups
test screenings
audience feedback
critical reception
box office performance
awards recognition
cultural impact
lasting influence
cinematic legacy