hunter's long coat
tricorn hat style
leather hunting jacket
buckled chest piece
studded leather vest
fur-trimmed collar
wool traveling cape
military-style uniform
gentleman's waistcoat
victorian frock coat
gothic trench coat
steampunk leather gear
plague doctor mask
bird-like beak helmet
wide-brimmed hunter hat
feathered cap ornament
brass button details
leather strap bindings
metal buckle fastenings
reinforced shoulder pads
articulated arm guards
fingerless leather gloves
knee-high hunting boots
steel-toed footwear
weather-resistant fabric
blood-repellent coating
silver thread stitching
consecrated material
blessed fabric weave
holy water treatment
church-sanctified gear
workshop-crafted armor
doll-blessed equipment
old hunter legacy
yharnam workshop design
healing church blessing
byrgenwerth scholar gear
cainhurst noble attire
executioner's garments
vileblood aristocrat wear