tennis serve power stance
basketball slam dunk
soccer bicycle kick
swimming butterfly stroke
boxing knockout punch
gymnastic vault landing
football quarterback throw
baseball home run swing
volleyball spike attack
skiing downhill carve
surfing barrel ride
rock climbing dynamic reach
cycling sprint position
golf perfect swing follow
marathon runner's stride
pole vault plant position
weightlifting clean jerk
fencing lunge attack
wrestling takedown move
skateboarding kickflip
snowboarding rail grind
diving platform launch
archery full draw concentration
martial arts kata form
crossfit burpee explosion