venetian terrazzo flooring
roman opus sectile
byzantine opus tessellatum
moorish muqarnas ceiling
gothic rose window
art nouveau stained glass
prairie school leaded glass
craftsman style windows
colonial georgian patterns
federal style moldings
victorian gingerbread trim
queen anne spindle work
shingle style overlaps
colonial revival details
tudor revival half-timber
spanish colonial tiles
mission style arches
pueblo revival vigas
santa fe style portals
southwestern saltillo
mediterranean limestone
tuscan travertine
greek marble columns
egyptian granite blocks
mesopotamian brick bonds
roman concrete opus
byzantine marble opus
romanesque stone carving
gothic flying buttresses
renaissance rustication
baroque ornate moldings
rococo asymmetrical curves
neoclassical pediments
regency striped patterns
empire gilded details
biedermeier simple lines
victorian wallpaper florals
edwardian tile patterns
art deco stepped forms
streamline moderne curves
international style grids
brutalist concrete texture
postmodern collage elements
deconstructivist fragments
parametric algorithmic
biomimetic natural forms
sustainable green patterns
smart building integrated
responsive environmental
adaptive climate control
kinetic moving elements
solar responsive shading
wind responsive ventilation
rain collection channels
snow load distribution
seismic isolation joints
thermal expansion gaps
moisture barrier systems
vapor control layers
acoustic absorption panels
electromagnetic shielding
fire resistance ratings
structural load paths
foundation settlement
soil bearing capacity
drainage water flow
landscape water features
hardscape paving patterns
softscape planting design
xerophytic drought patterns
hydrophilic water loving
native plant communities