enchanted forest
mystical woodland
magical grove
fairy ring
elven sanctuary
dwarven halls
dragon's lair
wizard's tower
ancient temple
ruined castle
floating islands
crystal caves
shadow realm
nightmare dimension
dream world
astral plane
ethereal void
cosmic nexus
time vortex
dimensional rift
portal gateway
interdimensional hub
parallel universe
alternate reality
mirror world
reverse dimension
inverted realm
upside down
twisted landscape
fractured reality
broken timeline
shattered dimension
chaos realm
order domain
balance nexus
harmony sphere
discord zone
conflict arena
battle dimension
war plane
peace valley
tranquil meadow
serene lake
calm ocean
turbulent sea
stormy waters
raging rapids
peaceful stream
babbling brook
whispering wind
howling gale
gentle breeze
fierce storm
lightning realm
thunder domain
rain forest
snow kingdom
ice world
fire realm
earth domain
air sphere
water plane
light dimension
dark realm
shadow world
twilight zone
dawn horizon
dusk valley
midnight forest
noon desert
sunrise mountain
sunset beach
aurora field
star constellation
moon palace
sun temple
planet surface
asteroid belt
comet trail
meteor shower
galaxy spiral
nebula cloud
black hole
white dwarf
red giant
blue star
yellow sun
orange dwarf
brown dwarf
neutron star
pulsar beacon
quasar light
supernova explosion
stellar nursery
cosmic web
dark matter
dark energy
antimatter realm
quantum field
subatomic world
molecular structure
atomic nucleus
electron cloud
photon stream
graviton field
higgs boson
god particle
fundamental force
strong nuclear
weak nuclear
electromagnetic
gravitational
unified field
theory realm
relativity space
quantum mechanics
string theory
membrane universe
holographic principle
observer effect
uncertainty principle
wave function
probability cloud
superposition state
entanglement bond
decoherence event
measurement collapse
many worlds
multiverse theory
parallel realities
infinite dimensions
eternal inflation
big bang
big crunch
big rip
heat death
vacuum decay
false vacuum
true vacuum
metastable state
phase transition
symmetry breaking
spontaneous creation
quantum tunneling
virtual particles
zero point energy
casimir effect
hawking radiation
event horizon
singularity point
wormhole tunnel
einstein bridge
traversable passage
exotic matter
negative energy
faster than light
tachyon field
alcubierre drive
space time warp
causal loop
grandfather paradox
bootstrap paradox
predestination loop
temporal anomaly
chronology protection
novikov principle
consistent histories
many timelines
alternate histories
counterfactual worlds
what if scenarios
possibility space
probability matrix
decision tree
branching paths
convergent evolution
divergent timelines
parallel development
synchronized events
entangled histories
correlated outcomes
causally connected
acausally related
quantum correlation
non local effects
instantaneous action
spooky distance
bell inequalities
aspect experiments
delayed choice
quantum eraser
which path
interference pattern
double slit
wave particle
complementarity
measurement problem
cat paradox
friend paradox
consciousness role
observer participation
anthropic principle
fine tuning
goldilocks zone
habitable planet
life supporting
carbon based
silicon alternative
exotic chemistry
methane seas
ammonia oceans
sulfuric acid
liquid methane
frozen nitrogen
crystalline silicon
metallic hydrogen
diamond rain
helium snow
neon ice
argon frost
xenon crystals
plasma storms
magnetic tornadoes
gravity wells
tidal forces
radiation belts
solar winds
cosmic rays
galactic center
supermassive holes
active nucleus
radio jets
gamma bursts
x ray sources
infrared excess
optical transients
variable stars
eclipsing binaries
contact binaries
cataclysmic variables
novae explosions
type ia supernovae
core collapse
neutron formation
millisecond pulsars
magnetars
soft repeaters
fast radio bursts
gravitational waves
ligo detection
virgo interferometer
laser measurement
space distortion
time dilation
length contraction
relativistic effects
lorentz transformation
minkowski space
spacetime geometry
riemann curvature
einstein equations
stress energy
cosmological constant
dark energy density
accelerating expansion
cosmic microwave
primordial nucleosynthesis
recombination era
last scattering
surface visibility
photon decoupling
matter domination
radiation era
inflation epoch
planck time
grand unification
electroweak breaking
quark confinement
hadron formation
baryon asymmetry
leptogenesis
dark matter creation
sterile neutrinos
axion fields
wimps detection
direct search
indirect signals
collider production
particle accelerator
large hadron
circular tunnel
superconducting magnets
cryogenic cooling
vacuum chambers
beam focusing
collision points
detector arrays
tracking chambers
calorimeters
muon systems
trigger electronics
data acquisition
grid computing
worldwide collaboration
big data
machine learning
neural networks
deep learning
artificial intelligence
quantum computing
topological qubits
error correction
fault tolerance
quantum supremacy
classical simulation
exponential speedup
shor algorithm
grover search
quantum annealing
adiabatic evolution
variational methods
hybrid algorithms
near term
quantum advantage
noisy devices
error mitigation
zero noise
extrapolation
clifford circuits
random benchmarking
process tomography
state verification
fidelity estimation
entanglement witness
bell test
device independent
self testing
quantum cryptography
quantum key
distribution
protocol security
information theoretic
computational security
post quantum
lattice based
code based
multivariate
hash functions
isogeny walks
rainbow signature
dilithium
falcon
sphincs
frodo
kyber
saber
ntru
bike
hqc
classic mceliece
three bears
round5
nist competition
standardization process
migration planning
hybrid systems
crypto agility
quantum safe
future proof
long term
security assessment
risk evaluation
threat modeling
attack scenarios
cryptanalysis
classical methods
quantum algorithms
implementation attacks
side channels
fault injection
power analysis
timing attacks
electromagnetic
acoustic leakage
differential analysis
correlation attacks
template matching
machine learning
profiling attacks
horizontal attacks
vertical attacks
higher order
masking countermeasures
hiding techniques
protocol level
system level
application layer
hardware security
software protection
firmware updates
secure boot
trusted platform
hardware modules
random generators
entropy sources
physical unclonable
biometric systems
fingerprint recognition
facial recognition
iris scanning
voice recognition
behavioral biometrics
keystroke dynamics
mouse movements
gait analysis
signature verification
palm vein
retinal scanning
dna identification
multimodal systems
fusion techniques
score level
feature level
decision level
rank level
quality assessment
presentation attacks
spoofing detection
liveness detection
anti spoofing
template protection
cancelable biometrics
fuzzy extractors
secure sketches
privacy preserving
homomorphic encryption
secure computation
zero knowledge
commitment schemes
oblivious transfer
private information
retrieval
secure channels
authenticated encryption
aead modes
gcm
ccm
ocb
chacha poly
aegis
morus
ascon
gift cofb
elephant
photon beetle
romulus
sparkle
xoodyak
grain aead
trivium
mickey
rabbit
salsa family
chacha variants
blake family
sha variants
keccak sponge
cube attacks
differential
linear cryptanalysis
algebraic attacks
slide attacks
related key
boomerang
rectangle
impossible differential
integral attacks
meet middle
time memory
rainbow tables
dictionary attacks
brute force
exhaustive search
parallel computation
distributed computing
cloud computing
grid computing
volunteer computing
boinc projects
folding home
seti home
prime search
mersenne primes
perfect numbers
fibonacci sequences
pascal triangle
golden ratio
phi constant
euler number
pi calculation
transcendental numbers
algebraic numbers
rational numbers
irrational numbers
real numbers
complex numbers
quaternions
octonions
hypercomplex
clifford algebras
geometric algebra
vector calculus
tensor analysis
differential geometry
topology
manifolds
fiber bundles
group theory
lie groups
representation theory
category theory
topos theory
type theory
lambda calculus
combinatory logic
proof theory
model theory
set theory
forcing method
large cardinals
infinity axioms
continuum hypothesis
choice axiom
zorn lemma
well ordering
ordinal numbers
cardinal arithmetic
transfinite induction
recursive functions
computability theory
complexity theory
p versus np
polynomial time
exponential time
space complexity
time hierarchy
space hierarchy
oracle machines
relativization
interactive proofs
probabilistic checking
zero knowledge
computational assumptions
one way functions
trapdoor permutations
discrete logarithm
factoring assumption
lattice problems
learning with
errors
ring learning
module learning
short integer
solution
closest vector
shortest vector
gap problems
approximation factors
quantum reductions
worst case
average case
cryptographic multilinear
maps
indistinguishability
obfuscation
functional encryption
attribute based
identity based
broadcast encryption
proxy re encryption
searchable encryption
order preserving
format preserving
deterministic
message locked
convergent encryption
deduplication
cloud storage
distributed systems
consensus protocols
byzantine fault
tolerance
practical byzantine
pbft algorithm
tendermint
algorand
ouroboros
snow family
avalanche
nakamoto consensus
proof of work
proof of stake
delegated proof
proof of space
proof of time
proof of history
proof of burn
proof of capacity
proof of elapsed
verifiable delay
functions
timelock puzzles
sequential computation
parallel resistance
blockchain technology
distributed ledgers
merkle trees
hash chains
digital signatures
public key
cryptography
elliptic curves
pairing based
lattice based
code based
multivariate
hash based
quantum resistant
post quantum
standardization
nist process
migration timeline
crypto agility
hybrid deployment
risk assessment
threat landscape
quantum timeline
fault tolerant
logical qubits
error thresholds
surface codes
color codes
toric codes
stabilizer codes
css codes
quantum ldpc
topological codes
anyonic braiding
majorana fermions
ising models
kitaev chains
honeycomb lattices
fracton codes
subsystem codes
gauge fixing
syndrome extraction
error correction
decoding algorithms
minimum weight
maximum likelihood
belief propagation
neural decoders
lookup tables
union find
peeling decoder
ordered statistics
soft decision
hard decision
erasure channels
depolarizing noise
amplitude damping
phase damping
bit flip
phase flip
correlated errors
coherent errors
systematic errors
calibration errors
control errors
measurement errors
leakage errors
crosstalk
zz coupling
xy coupling
stark shifts
ac stark
dispersive shifts
purcell effect
spontaneous emission
dephasing
decoherence
environmental noise
thermal fluctuations
magnetic noise
electric noise
charge noise
flux noise
critical current
josephson junctions
superconducting
transmon
fluxonium
capacitive shunting
inductive shunting
sweet spots
protected qubits
cat qubits
gkp states
binomial codes
four legged cat
coherent states
displaced squeezed
fock states
photon number
continuous variables
quadrature encoding
homodyne detection
heterodyne detection
squeezing
entanglement
epr states
spin states
bell states
ghz states
w states
graph states
cluster states
measurement based
one way quantum
computation
mbqc protocols
flow conditions
gflow
causal flow
deterministic
correction
adaptive
measurement
feedforward
classical processing
real time
control
feedback loops
error syndrome
stabilizer measurement
parity checks
ancilla qubits
flag qubits
verification
post selection
heralding
success probability
overhead scaling
threshold theorem
concatenated codes
quantum turbo
polar codes
convolutional
classical coding
channel capacity
shannon limit
hamming bound
singleton bound
plotkin bound
mceliece bound
sphere packing
random coding
linear codes
cyclic codes
bch codes
reed solomon
reed muller
polar codes
ldpc codes
turbo codes
fountain codes
raptor codes
luby transform
belief propagation
sum product
min sum
density evolution
degree distribution
check node
variable node
tanner graphs
bipartite graphs
expander graphs
cayley graphs
ramanujan graphs
spectral gap
expansion property
mixing time
random walks
markov chains
stationary distribution
detailed balance
reversibility
ergodicity
aperiodicity
irreducibility
coupling
path coupling
conductance
cheeger inequality
isoperimetric
poincare inequality
log sobolev
hypercontractivity
concentration
inequalities
azuma hoeffding
mcdiarmid
talagrand
entropy method
tensorization
modified log
bounded differences
martingale methods
doob martingale
azuma inequality
optional stopping
uniform integrability
convergence theorems
strong law
central limit
functional central
empirical processes
vapnik chervonenkis
rademacher complexity
covering numbers
packing numbers
metric entropy
uniform convergence
probably approximately
correct
pac learning
statistical learning
empirical risk
minimization
structural risk
generalization bounds
bias variance
underfitting
overfitting
regularization
cross validation
bootstrap
bagging
boosting
random forests
support vector
machines
kernel methods
reproducing hilbert
feature spaces
gaussian processes
bayesian optimization
neural networks
deep learning
gradient descent
backpropagation
automatic differentiation
computational graphs
tensorflow
pytorch
jax
flax
haiku
optax
chex
rlax
distrax
neural tangent
kernel
lottery ticket
double descent
scaling laws
transformer
attention mechanism
self attention
multi head
positional encoding
layer normalization
residual connections
skip connections
highway networks
densenet
resnet
inception
efficientnet
mobilenet
squeezenet
shufflenet
ghostnet
regnet
nfnet
vision transformer
swin transformer
pyramid vision
segformer
detr
yolo
rcnn
fast rcnn
faster rcnn
mask rcnn
feature pyramid
fpn
retina net
focal loss
anchor boxes
non maximum
suppression
intersection over
union
mean average
precision
object detection
semantic segmentation
instance segmentation
panoptic segmentation
depth estimation
optical flow
pose estimation
face recognition
person re identification
action recognition
video understanding
temporal modeling
3d convolutions
temporal shift
slow fast
x3d
mvit
video swin
omnivore
masked autoencoders
self supervised
contrastive learning
simclr
moco
swav
dino
mae
beit
simiam
byol
barlow twins
vicreg
whitening
colorization
inpainting
super resolution
denoising
deblurring
style transfer
domain adaptation
few shot
zero shot
meta learning
maml
prototypical networks
matching networks
relation networks
learning to learn
gradient based
metric learning
episodic training
support query
n way k shot
cross domain
unsupervised domain
adversarial domain
dann
coral
mmd
wasserstein
optimal transport
earth mover
sinkhorn
gromov wasserstein
unbalanced optimal
partial optimal
fused optimal
co optimal
multi marginal
barycenter
entropic regularization
generative models
variational autoencoders
normalizing flows
generative adversarial
networks
diffusion models
score based
denoising diffusion
probabilistic
implicit
neural ode
continuous normalizing
autoregressive
pixelcnn
wavenet
transformer xl
gpt family
bert family
roberta
deberta
electra
albert
distilbert
mobilebert
squeezebert
big bird
longformer
performer
linformer
synthesizer
reformer
routing transformer
switch transformer
glam
palm
chinchilla
gopher
lamda
megatron
turing nlg
gpt neox
opt
bloom
flan
t5
ul2
palm 2
bard
chatgpt
claude
anthropic
constitutional ai
harmless helpful
honest
rlhf
ppo
reward modeling
instruction tuning
in context
chain of thought
few shot
zero shot
emergent abilities
scaling laws
grokking
double descent
lottery tickets
pruning
quantization
distillation
neural architecture
search
differentiable
progressive
efficient
once for all
supernet
weight sharing
early exit
dynamic inference
adaptive computation
mixture of experts
sparse models
switch layers
hash layers
expert choice
routing
load balancing
auxiliary losses
capacity factor
expert dropout
federated learning
differential privacy
secure aggregation
homomorphic encryption
multi party
computation
private set
intersection
oblivious ram
garbled circuits
secret sharing
threshold schemes
verifiable secret
zero knowledge
proofs
zk snarks
zk starks
bulletproofs
polynomial
commitments
trusted setup
universal setup
transparent
recursive
composition
proof carrying
data
incrementally
verifiable
computation
delegation
outsourcing
cloud computing
edge computing
fog computing
mobile edge
network function
virtualization
software defined
networks
intent based
networking
network slicing
quality of service
traffic engineering
load balancing
congestion control
flow control
routing protocols
distance vector
link state
path vector
hybrid protocols
mobile ad hoc
vehicular networks
wireless sensor
internet of things
cyber physical
systems
industrial iot
smart cities
smart homes
smart grid
smart transportation
autonomous vehicles
connected cars
vehicle to
everything
cellular v2x
dedicated short
range
communications
802.11p
wifi direct
bluetooth low
energy
zigbee
z wave
lora
sigfox
nb iot
cat m1
5g nr
massive mimo
beamforming
millimeter wave
small cells
heterogeneous
networks
network densification
ultra reliable
low latency
enhanced mobile
broadband
massive machine
type
communications
network slicing
software defined
radio
cognitive radio
dynamic spectrum
access
spectrum sharing
interference
management
power control
resource allocation
channel assignment
scheduling
multiple access
fdma
tdma
cdma
ofdma
noma
sparse code
multiple access
pattern division
interleave division
rate splitting
multiple antenna
technologies
space time
coding
spatial multiplexing
diversity techniques
alamouti code
space frequency
maximum ratio
combining
equal gain
selection combining
switched diversity
antenna arrays
phased arrays
smart antennas
adaptive arrays
digital beamforming
analog beamforming
hybrid beamforming
precoding
postcoding
interference
alignment
interference
cancellation
successive
interference
cancellation
minimum mean
square error
zero forcing
regularized zero
forcing
maximum likelihood
sphere decoding
lattice reduction
linear receivers
decision feedback
equalization
turbo equalization
iterative receivers
belief propagation
factor graphs
sum product
algorithm
variational
inference
expectation
maximization
gibbs sampling
metropolis hastings
hamiltonian monte
carlo
variational bayes
mean field
structured
variational
normalizing flows
invertible neural
networks
coupling layers
autoregressive
flows
continuous
normalizing flows
neural ordinary
differential
equations
augmented neural
odes
latent odes
stochastic
differential
equations
score based
generative models
denoising score
matching
sliced score
matching
noise conditional
score networks
probability flow
odes
reverse time
sdes
langevin dynamics
underdamped
langevin
stochastic gradient
langevin dynamics
preconditioned
langevin
metropolis adjusted
langevin algorithm
hamiltonian monte
carlo
nuts
automatic
differentiation
variational
inference
black box
variational
inference
automatic
differentiation
variational
inference
normalizing flows
variational
inference
amortized
variational
inference
importance weighted
autoencoders
tighter variational
bounds
wake sleep
algorithm
helmholtz machines
sigmoid belief
networks
deep belief
networks
restricted
boltzmann machines
deep boltzmann
machines
energy based
models
contrastive
divergence
persistent
contrastive
divergence
parallel tempering
simulated annealing
replica exchange
monte carlo
tempered transitions
annealed importance
sampling
bridge sampling
thermodynamic
integration
nested sampling
sequential monte
carlo
particle filters
importance sampling
resampling
systematic
resampling
stratified
resampling
residual resampling
multinomial
resampling
effective sample
size
particle
degeneracy
sample
impoverishment
rao blackwellization
auxiliary particle
filter
unscented particle
filter
ensemble kalman
filter
extended kalman
filter
unscented kalman
filter
particle smoother
forward backward
algorithm
viterbi algorithm
baum welch
algorithm
expectation
maximization
generalized
expectation
maximization
variational
expectation
maximization
monte carlo
expectation
maximization
stochastic
expectation
maximization
online expectation
maximization
incremental
expectation
maximization
distributed
expectation
maximization
parallel
expectation
maximization
map estimation
maximum a
posteriori
penalized
likelihood
regularized
regression
ridge regression
lasso regression
elastic net
group lasso
fused lasso
adaptive lasso
relaxed lasso
bayesian lasso
spike slab
horseshoe prior
finnish horseshoe
regularized
horseshoe
dirichlet laplace
normal gamma
double exponential
student t
generalized normal
beta prime
generalized beta
kumaraswamy
beta binomial
dirichlet
multinomial
categorical
bernoulli
binomial
negative binomial
poisson
gamma
exponential
weibull
pareto
log normal
inverse gaussian
generalized inverse
gaussian
variance gamma
normal inverse
gaussian
generalized
hyperbolic
skew normal
skew t
alpha stable
tempered stable
geometric stable
mittag leffler
stretched
exponential
q exponential
tsallis
non extensive
maximum entropy
minimum
discrimination
information
divergence
kullback leibler
jensen shannon
renyi divergence
alpha divergence
beta divergence
bregman divergence
wasserstein
distance
earth mover
distance
optimal transport
sinkhorn algorithm
entropic
regularization
unbalanced
optimal transport
partial optimal
transport
gromov wasserstein
distance
fused gromov
wasserstein
co optimal
transport
multi marginal
optimal transport
wasserstein
barycenter
sliced wasserstein
max sliced
wasserstein
distributional
sliced wasserstein
projected
wasserstein
tree wasserstein
network wasserstein
graph wasserstein
discrete optimal
transport
assignment
problem
hungarian
algorithm
auction algorithm
shortest path
algorithm
dijkstra
algorithm
bellman ford
algorithm
floyd warshall
algorithm
johnson algorithm
a star algorithm
bidirectional
search
iterative
deepening
depth first
search
breadth first
search
best first search
greedy search
hill climbing
simulated
annealing
genetic
algorithms
evolutionary
computation
differential
evolution
particle swarm
optimization
ant colony
optimization
artificial bee
colony
harmony search
firefly algorithm
cuckoo search
bat algorithm
grey wolf
optimizer
whale
optimization
algorithm
moth flame
optimization
grasshopper
optimization
salp swarm
algorithm
harris hawks
optimization
marine predators
algorithm
aquila optimizer
arithmetic
optimization
algorithm
african vultures
optimization
algorithm
reptile search
algorithm
runge kutta
optimizer
equilibrium
optimizer
henry gas
solubility
optimization
coronavirus herd
immunity optimizer
slime mould
algorithm
forensic based
investigation
optimizer
transient search
optimization
gradient based
optimizer
momentum
nesterov
momentum
adagrad
adadelta
rmsprop
adam
adamax
nadam
amsgrad
adabound
amsbound
padam
yogi
fromage
lamb
lars
lans
sm3
shampoo
k fac
natural gradient
quasi newton
bfgs
l bfgs
limited memory
bfgs
sr1
dfp
broyden
conjugate gradient
nonlinear
conjugate gradient
fletcher reeves
polak ribiere
hestenes stiefel
dai yuan
hager zhang
liu storey
perry shanno
gibson bruck
trust region
methods
dogleg method
cauchy point
two dimensional
subspace
minimization
steihaug toint
projected gradient
accelerated
projected gradient
proximal gradient
fast iterative
shrinkage
thresholding
algorithm
fista
accelerated
proximal gradient
composite objective
optimization
alternating
direction method
multipliers
admm
consensus admm
distributed admm
asynchronous admm
linearized admm
generalized admm
symmetric admm
relaxed admm
adaptive admm
restart admm
anderson
acceleration
heavy ball method
nesterov
acceleration
conjugate gradient
accelerated
coordinate descent
stochastic
coordinate descent
randomized
coordinate descent
block coordinate
descent
cyclic coordinate
descent
greedy coordinate
descent
importance
sampling
coordinate descent
accelerated
stochastic
coordinate descent
asynchronous
coordinate descent
distributed
coordinate descent
federated
coordinate descent
variance reduced
stochastic
gradient descent
stochastic
variance reduced
gradient
saga
svrg
finito
miso
stochastic dual
coordinate ascent
prox svrg
catalyst
acceleration
katyusha
acceleration
point saga
loopless saga
loopless svrg
importance
sampling saga
importance
sampling svrg
non uniform
sampling
weighted sampling
biased sampling
stratified
sampling
cluster sampling
systematic
sampling
multistage
sampling
adaptive sampling
sequential
sampling
active learning
uncertainty
sampling
query by
committee
expected model
change
variance
reduction
gradient length
information
density
core sets
batch mode
active learning
pool based
active learning
stream based
active learning
membership query
synthesis
semi supervised
learning
self training
co training
multi view
learning
graph based
semi supervised
learning
label
propagation
label spreading
manifold
regularization
transductive
support vector
machines
transductive
learning
inductive
learning
multi task
learning
shared
representation
task relatedness
hierarchical
multi task
learning
clustered multi
task learning
alternating
structure
optimization
dirty model
multi task
learning
robust multi
task learning
online multi
task learning
lifelong
learning
continual
learning
catastrophic
forgetting
elastic weight
consolidation
synaptic
intelligence
memory aware
synapses
packnet
progressive
neural networks
expert gate
learned
approximate
muddling
episodic memory
gradient episodic
memory
averaged
gradient episodic
memory
meta experience
replay
gradient based
meta learning
model agnostic
meta learning
maml
first order maml
reptile meta
learning
prototypical
networks
matching
networks
relation
networks
learning to
optimize
learned
optimizers
meta gradient
descent
gradient descent
by gradient
descent
coordinatewise
adaptive learning
rates
meta learning
with memory
augmented neural
networks
neural turing
machines
differentiable
neural computers
memory networks
end to end
memory networks
key value
memory networks
recurrent entity
networks
dynamic memory
networks
sparse access
memory
compressive
transformer
transformer xl
xl net
reformer
linformer
performer
synthesizer
big bird
longformer
extended
transformer
construction
hierarchical
transformer
adaptive
computation time
universal
transformer
evolved
transformer
searching for
transformer
architecture
neural
architecture
search
differentiable
architecture
search
darts
pc darts
fair darts
smooth darts
progressive
differentiable
architecture
search
single path
one shot
architecture
search
efficient
architecture
search
once for all
proxyless nas
mnasnet
efficientnet
regnet
neural
architecture
transfer
progressive
neural
architecture
search
efficient neural
architecture
search
enas
pnas
nasnet
amoebanet
mnasnet
fbnet
chamnet
mixed precision
training
automatic mixed
precision
loss scaling
gradient scaling
fp16 training
bf16 training
int8 quantization
int4 quantization
binary neural
networks
ternary neural
networks
xnor networks
dorefanet
lq nets
structured
pruning
unstructured
pruning
magnitude
pruning
gradient based
pruning
second order
pruning
lottery ticket
hypothesis
structured
lottery tickets
early bird tickets
dynamic sparse
training
rigged lottery
tickets
pruning at
initialization
snip
grasp
synflow
force
iterative
magnitude
pruning
gradual pruning
structured
sparsity
block sparse
kernels
n:m sparsity
fine grained
sparsity
coarse grained
sparsity
hardware aware
pruning
energy efficient
neural networks
edgenet
mobilenet
shufflenet
squeezenet
ghostnet
efficientnet
knowledge
distillation
feature
distillation
attention
distillation
relation
distillation
similarity
preserving
distillation
factor transfer
activation
boundaries
overhaul
distillation
progressive
knowledge
distillation
born again
networks
deep mutual
learning
online
distillation
self distillation
teacher free
distillation
data free
distillation
zero shot
distillation
few shot
distillation
federated
distillation
distributed
training
data parallelism
model parallelism
pipeline
parallelism
tensor
parallelism
hybrid
parallelism
communication
efficient training
gradient
compression
error feedback
signsgd
qsgd
atomo
dgc
powersgd
accordion
grace
local sgd
federated
averaging
federated
learning
personalized
federated
learning
robust
federated
learning
secure
aggregation
differential
privacy
federated
learning
byzantine robust
federated
learning
asynchronous
federated
learning
hierarchical
federated
learning
cross silo
federated
learning
cross device
federated
learning
vertical
federated
learning
horizontal
federated
learning
transfer
federated
learning
continual
federated
learning
meta federated
learning
multi task
federated
learning
reinforcement
learning
markov decision
processes
value functions
q learning
sarsa
temporal
difference
learning
policy gradient
methods
actor critic
methods
advantage actor
critic
asynchronous
advantage actor
critic
proximal policy
optimization
trust region
policy
optimization
deep
deterministic
policy gradient
twin delayed
deep
deterministic
policy gradient
soft actor critic
distributional
reinforcement
learning
quantile
regression
networks
implicit quantile
networks
fully
parameterized
quantile function
categorical
distributional
reinforcement
learning
rainbow dqn
ape x dqn
distributed
distributional
deep
deterministic
policy gradient
maximum entropy
reinforcement
learning
curiosity driven
exploration
intrinsic
motivation
exploration by
random network
distillation
go explore
never give up
agent57
muzero
alphazero
alphago
alphastar
openai five
dota 2
starcraft 2
hide and seek
emergent tool
use
cooperative ai
human ai
cooperation
multiagent
reinforcement
learning
independent
learning
centralized
training
decentralized
execution
parameter
sharing
experience
sharing
communication
learning
emergent
communication
compositional
language
emergence
social dilemmas
prisoner dilemma
public goods
game
tragedy of
commons
coordination
games
battle of sexes
chicken game
stag hunt
minority game
el farol bar
problem
resource
allocation
mechanism
design
auction theory
voting theory
fair division
cake cutting
proportional
fairness
envy freeness
strategyproof
mechanisms
truthful
mechanisms
incentive
compatibility
individual
rationality
budget balance
revenue
maximization
social welfare
maximization
pareto
efficiency
algorithmic
game theory
price of anarchy
price of stability
selfish routing
braess paradox
wardrop
equilibrium
user equilibrium
system optimum
marginal cost
pricing
congestion
pricing
network games
graphical games
polymatrix
games
potential games
congestion
games
atomic
congestion
games
nonatomic
congestion
games
weighted
congestion
games
resource
selection games
facility location
games
cost sharing
games
coalition
formation
coalitional
games
cooperative
games
shapley value
core
nucleolus
stable sets
bargaining
theory
nash
bargaining
solution
kalai
smorodinsky
solution
egalitarian
solution
utilitarian
solution
leximin
solution
rawlsian
solution
social choice
theory
arrow
impossibility
theorem
gibbard
satterthwaite
theorem
condorcet
paradox
voting rules
plurality
majority
runoff
instant runoff
borda count
approval
voting
range voting
condorcet
methods
copeland
method
kemeny young
method
ranked pairs
method
beatpath
method
schulze
method
minimax
method
nanson
method
baldwin
method
black method
dodgson
method
young method
tournament
solutions
top cycle
uncovered set
bipartisan set
essential set
fishburn set
good set
McKelvey set
smith set
schwartz set
tournament
matrix
strength of
preference
margin of
victory
winning votes
margins
condorcet
efficiency
condorcet
criterion
consistency
criterion
participation
criterion
monotonicity
criterion
independence
of irrelevant
alternatives
clone
independence
reversal
symmetry
anonymity
neutrality
universality
non dictatorship
strategy
proofness
group strategy
proofness
false name
proofness
collusion
proofness
bribery
resistance
control
resistance
electoral
control
constructive
control
destructive
control
computational
complexity
voting
manipulation
complexity
winner
determination
strategic
voting
computational
social choice
online social
choice
liquid
democracy
delegative
democracy
digital
democracy
e democracy
electronic
voting
internet voting
blockchain
voting
cryptographic
voting
end to end
verifiable
voting
receipt free
voting
coercion
resistant
voting
privacy
preserving
voting
universal
verifiability
individual
verifiability
ballot secrecy
everlasting
privacy
perfect ballot
secrecy
vote buying
vote selling
coercion
intimidation
vote privacy
vote secrecy
anonymity
unlinkability
untraceability
deniability
forward secrecy
backward secrecy
future secrecy
break glass
mechanisms
robust
mixnets
anonymous
channels
dining
cryptographers
problem
anonymous
broadcast
anonymous
multicast
anonymous
unicast
traffic analysis
resistance
timing analysis
resistance
size analysis
resistance
frequency
analysis
resistance
intersection
attacks
disclosure
attacks
predecessor
attacks
successor
attacks
correlation
attacks
confirmation
attacks
statistical
disclosure
control
differential
privacy
k anonymity
l diversity
t closeness
m invariance
personalized
anonymity
local
differential
privacy
central
differential
privacy
distributed
differential
privacy
federated
differential
privacy
concentrated
differential
privacy
zero
concentrated
differential
privacy
renyi
differential
privacy
gaussian
differential
privacy
smooth
sensitivity
local
sensitivity
global
sensitivity
propose test
release
exponential
mechanism
laplace
mechanism
gaussian
mechanism
sparse vector
technique
above
threshold
algorithm
private
multiplicative
weights
differentially
private sgd
differentially
private federated
learning
private
aggregation
teacher
ensembles
pate
private
aggregation
student
knowledge
distillation
with privacy
membership
inference
attacks
model
inversion
attacks
property
inference
attacks
reconstruction
attacks
attribute
inference
attacks
training data
extraction
attacks
black box
attacks
white box
attacks
gray box
attacks
adaptive
attacks
evasion
attacks
poisoning
attacks
backdoor
attacks
trojan attacks
neural trojans
data poisoning
label flipping
feature
manipulation
gradient
attacks
byzantine
attacks
sybil attacks
eclipse attacks
routing attacks
consensus
attacks
51 percent
attacks
double
spending
attacks
selfish mining
block
withholding
attacks
nothing at
stake attacks
long range
attacks
grinding
attacks
weak
subjectivity
checkpointing
finality
gadgets
accountable
safety
plausible
liveness
dynamic
availability
synchronous
networks
asynchronous
networks
partially
synchronous
networks
network
partitions
message delays
message loss
crash failures
byzantine
failures
fail stop
failures
fail slow
failures
omission
failures
crash recovery
stable storage
volatile storage
persistent
storage
durability
atomicity
consistency
isolation
acid
properties
base
properties
cap theorem
consistency
availability
partition
tolerance
eventual
consistency
strong
consistency
linearizability
sequential
consistency
causal
consistency
session
consistency
monotonic
read
consistency
monotonic
write
consistency
read your
writes
consistency
writes follow
reads
consistency
pram
consistency
fifo
consistency
weak
consistency
release
consistency
entry
consistency
scope
consistency
location
consistency
delta
consistency
epsilon
consistency
probabilistic
consistency
bayesian
consistency
vector clocks
logical clocks
lamport
timestamps
happened
before
relation
causal order
concurrent
events
distributed
snapshots
global
snapshots
consistent
cuts
rollback
recovery
coordinated
checkpointing
uncoordinated
checkpointing
message
logging
sender based
logging
receiver based
logging
causal logging
optimistic
logging
pessimistic
logging
failure
detectors
perfect
failure
detector
strong
failure
detector
weak failure
detector
eventually
perfect
failure
detector
eventually
strong
failure
detector
eventually
weak failure
detector
heartbeat
failure
detection
timeout based
failure
detection
phi accrual
failure
detection
adaptive
failure
detection
group
membership
view
synchronous
group
communication
virtual
synchrony
state machine
replication
primary backup
replication
chain
replication
quorum based
replication
majority
quorum
weighted
voting
gifford
voting
tree quorum
grid quorum
crumbling
walls
quorum
systems
coterie
available
copies
voting
available
copies
primary copy
thomas write
rule
multiversion
concurrency
control
timestamp
ordering
optimistic
concurrency
control
pessimistic
concurrency
control
two phase
locking
strict two
phase locking
strong strict
two phase
locking
growing
phase
shrinking
phase
deadlock
detection
deadlock
prevention
deadlock
avoidance
wait die
wound wait
timeout based
deadlock
resolution
distributed
deadlock
detection
edge chasing
algorithms
probe based
algorithms
diffusion
computation
path pushing
algorithms
wait for
graphs
resource
allocation
graphs
banker
algorithm
resource
ordering
hierarchical
locking
hand over
hand locking
lock coupling
lock
escalation
lock
conversion
shared locks
exclusive
locks
intention
locks
update locks
increment
locks
predicate
locks
index locks
key range
locks
gap locks
next key
locks
phantom
problem
dirty reads
nonrepeatable
reads
read
uncommitted
read
committed
repeatable
read
serializable
snapshot
isolation
read
consistency
write
consistency
monotonic
read
consistency
monotonic
write
consistency
session
consistency
causal
consistency
eventual
consistency
strong
eventual
consistency
conflict free
replicated
data types
crdts
state based
crdts
operation
based crdts
commutative
replicated
data types
g counter
pn counter
g set
two phase
set
or set
lww
element set
pn set
or cart
lww
register
mv register
enable wins
flag
disable wins
flag
two phase
boolean
lww map
or map
rga
sequence
crdt
treedoc
woot
logoot
lseq
continuous
sequence
crdt
block wise
sequence
crdt
composition
crdts
multi value
register
delta crdts
delta state
crdts
join
semilattice
bounded
semilattice
inflation
operation
delta
computation
delta
propagation
delta
compression
delta group
replication
causal
broadcast
reliable
broadcast
uniform
reliable
broadcast
fifo
broadcast
causal order
broadcast
total order
broadcast
atomic
broadcast
consensus
algorithms
byzantine
consensus
crash
consensus
randomized
consensus
deterministic
consensus
synchronous
consensus
asynchronous
consensus
partial
synchrony
consensus
authenticated
byzantine
consensus
unauthenticated
byzantine
consensus
byzantine
agreement
byzantine
generals
problem
interactive
consistency
source
congruent
byzantine
generals
exponential
information
gathering
phase king
algorithm
queen
elizabeth
algorithm
dolev strong
algorithm
srikanth
toueg
algorithm
bar noy
dolev
keidar
lynch
algorithm