african heritage
sub-saharan african
west african
east african
north african
central african
southern african
maghreb region
horn of africa
sahel region
congo basin
nile valley
great rift valley
kalahari desert
sahara desert
egyptian ancient
nubian kingdom
ethiopian highlands
kenyan savanna
tanzanian serengeti
ugandan mountains
rwandan hills
burundian lakes
congolese rainforest
cameroonian diversity
nigerian culture
ghanaian gold coast
senegalese teranga
malian empire
burkina faso
ivory coast
liberian freedom
sierra leone diamonds
guinea bissau
gambian river
mauritanian desert
moroccan atlas
algerian sahara
tunisian mediterranean
libyan desert
sudanese confluence
south sudanese independence
eritrean independence
djiboutian strategic
somalian coast
madagascan unique
mauritian melting pot
seychellian islands
comoran archipelago
cape verdean islands
são tomé príncipe
equatorial guinea
gabonese rainforest
angolan diamonds
namibian desert
botswanan diamonds
zimbabwean ruins
zambian copper
malawian lake
mozambican coast
swaziland kingdom
lesotho mountain
south african rainbow
asian heritage
east asian
southeast asian
south asian
central asian
west asian
middle eastern
caucasian region
siberian native
mongolian steppe
chinese han
chinese minority
tibetan plateau
xinjiang uyghur
inner mongolian
manchurian
taiwanese indigenous
hong kong cantonese
macau portuguese
korean peninsula
japanese archipelago
ainu indigenous
ryukyu okinawan
vietnamese mekong
cambodian khmer
laotian landlocked
thai siamese
burmese myanmar
malaysian multicultural
singaporean city state
indonesian archipelago
brunei sultanate
philippine islands
timorese independence
papua new guinean
indian subcontinent
bengali culture
punjabi region
tamil nadu
kerala backwaters
kashmir valley
rajasthan desert
gujarati traders
maharashtrian culture
orissa temples
assamese tea
nagaland tribes
manipur dance
mizoram hills
tripura royalty
arunachal pradesh
himachal pradesh
uttarakhand mountains
haryana wheat
delhi capital
uttar pradesh
bihar ancient
jharkhand tribal
west bengal
andhra pradesh
telangana new
karnataka tech
goa beaches
pakistani regions
bangladeshi delta
sri lankan island
maldivian atolls
bhutanese happiness
nepalese himalayas
afghan crossroads
iranian persian
iraqi mesopotamian
kurdish people
turkish anatolian
armenian ancient
georgian caucasus
azerbaijani fire
kazakhstani steppe
kyrgyzstani mountains
tajikistani pamirs
turkmenistani desert
uzbekistani silk road
european heritage
northern european
southern european
eastern european
western european
central european
nordic region
baltic states
british isles
iberian peninsula
italian peninsula
balkan region
scandinavian
germanic tribes
celtic peoples
slavic nations
romance languages
hellenic culture
albanian eagle
andorran valleys
austrian alps
belarusian forests
belgian chocolate
bosnian diversity
bulgarian roses
croatian coast
cypriot divided
czech bohemian
danish hygge
estonian digital
finnish saunas
french elegance
german efficiency
greek ancient
hungarian unique
icelandic sagas
irish emerald
italian passion
latvian amber
lithuanian history
luxembourgish small
maltese knights
moldovan wine
monégasque luxury
montenegrin mountains
dutch polders
north macedonian
norwegian fjords
polish resilience
portuguese explorers
romanian vampires
russian vastness
san marino ancient
serbian strength
slovak mountains
slovenian alps
spanish passion
swedish innovation
swiss precision
ukrainian sunflowers
vatican holiness
indigenous peoples
native american
first nations
inuit arctic
aboriginal australian
maori new zealand
polynesian islands
melanesian papua
micronesian atolls
sami lapland
ainu japan
tibetan plateau
berber north africa
bedouin desert
tuareg sahara
masai east africa
zulu south africa
xhosa nelson mandela
yoruba west africa
igbo nigeria
hausa nigeria
fulani nomadic
dogon mali
bambara mali
wolof senegal
mandinka gambia
temne sierra leone
mende sierra leone
krio sierra leone
creole various
romani european
jewish diaspora
kurdish stateless
basque pyrenees
catalan spain
galician northwest
cornish celtic
welsh celtic
scots gaelic
irish gaelic
breton celtic
occitan southern france
alsatian german-french
flemish belgium
walloon belgium
frisian netherlands
sorbian germany
kashubian poland
silesian poland
rusyn carpathian
lemko carpathian
boyko carpathian
hutsul carpathian
aromanian balkans
vlach balkans
istro-romanian
megleno-romanian
rhaeto-romance
ladin dolomites
romansh switzerland
friulan italy
venetian italy
lombard italy
piedmontese italy
ligurian italy
emilian-romagnol
neapolitan italy
sicilian italy
sardinian italy
corsican france
maltese malta