weighted prompt balancing
attention mechanism control
prompt hierarchy structuring
emphasis distribution
priority weighting systems
importance scaling
focus amplification
detail enhancement
concept strengthening
style intensification
quality boosting
attribute emphasis
characteristic highlighting
feature accentuation
element prioritization
aspect amplification
component strengthening
factor intensification
parameter optimization
value adjustment
level modification
degree enhancement
magnitude scaling
intensity boosting
power amplification
force strengthening
impact intensification
influence maximization
effect amplification
result optimization
outcome enhancement
performance boosting
quality maximization
precision improvement
accuracy enhancement
fidelity optimization
clarity amplification
sharpness intensification
detail maximization
resolution enhancement
definition improvement