four stubby legs
six insectoid limbs
eight spider-like appendages
two muscular arms
multiple tentacle arms
retractable hidden limbs
extending telescopic arms
branching tree-like limbs
flowing liquid pseudopods
crystalline rigid structures
metallic articulated joints
organic flexible segments
segmented chitinous legs
padded silent paws
clawed predator feet
webbed aquatic appendages
hooved ungulate feet
sucker-cup adhesive pads
magnetic attraction plates
razor-sharp cutting edges
blunt crushing surfaces
needle-fine piercing tips
flame-wreathed appendages
ice-coated frozen limbs
electrically charged arms
poisonous barbed legs
healing touch capable
psychic manipulation arms
gravity-defying limbs
phase-shifting appendages
size-changing elastic arms
color-changing camouflage
transparent invisible limbs
solid matter-passing
time-slowing effect
space-warping distortion
reality-altering touch
dream-weaving fingers
nightmare-inducing claws
memory-erasing contact
emotion-sensing palms