eyes wide with terror
mouth agape in shock
jaw dropped
pupils dilated
face contorted in rage
veins bulging
eyes bloodshot
teeth bared
snarling expression
frothing at mouth
wild-eyed
maniacal grin
sinister smile
evil smirk
wicked grin
diabolical expression
demented look
psychotic stare
crazed expression
insane laughter
hysterical crying
uncontrolled sobbing
tears streaming
mascara running
eyes puffy from crying
red-eyed from weeping
face flushed with anger
crimson with rage
purple with fury
white with shock
pale with fear
ashen faced
ghostly pale
deathly white
green with envy
green around gills
sick expression
nauseous look
disgusted face
revolted expression
appalled look
horrified expression
terrified face
petrified look
frozen in fear
paralyzed with terror
shocked beyond words
speechless with awe
stunned silence
dumbfounded
flabbergasted
bewildered expression
confused look
perplexed face
puzzled expression
baffled look
mystified expression
lost expression
blank stare
vacant look
empty eyes
thousand yard stare
shell shocked
traumatized expression
haunted look
tormented face
anguished expression
suffering look
pained face
agony expression
excruciating pain
unbearable suffering
overwhelming grief
devastating sorrow
crushing despair
hopeless expression
defeated look
broken spirit
shattered dreams
lost hope
giving up
surrender expression
white flag
hands up
I quit look
game over face
the end expression
final moment
last breath
dying expression
death rattle
rigor mortis
postmortem
beyond help
point of no return
past the point
too late now
missed opportunity
regret expression
remorse face
guilt look
shame expression
embarrassment
humiliation face
mortified look
chagrined expression
abashed face
sheepish look
hangdog expression
tail between legs
egg on face
foot in mouth
red faced
blushing furiously
burning with shame
dying of embarrassment
wanting to disappear
hiding face
covering eyes
peek through fingers
can't look
turning away
looking down
avoiding eye contact
shifty eyes
darting glances
nervous look
anxious expression
worried face
concerned look
troubled expression
distressed face
upset look
disturbed expression
agitated face
restless look
fidgety expression
antsy face
impatient look
waiting expression
bored face
tedious look
monotonous expression
dull face
lifeless look
zombie expression
dead inside
soul crushing
spirit breaking
heart breaking
gut wrenching
tear jerking
sob inducing
weep worthy
cry baby
emotional wreck
basket case
hot mess
train wreck
disaster
catastrophe
apocalypse
armageddon
doomsday
end times
judgment day
reckoning
comeuppance
karma
poetic justice
just desserts
what goes around
reap what you sow
chickens come home
tables turned
shoe on other foot
getting yours
payback time
revenge served cold
sweet revenge
bitter irony
cruel fate
twisted destiny
dark humor
gallows humor
black comedy
sick joke
twisted sense of humor
perverted pleasure
sadistic glee
malicious joy
schadenfreude
taking pleasure in pain
enjoying misery
reveling in suffering
basking in anguish
wallowing in despair
drowning in sorrow
swimming in tears
ocean of grief
sea of sorrow
waves of sadness
tidal wave
tsunami
flood gates
dam burst
breaking point
last straw
final drop
tipping point
edge of cliff
point of no return
past breaking point
beyond repair
irreversibly damaged
permanently scarred
forever changed
never the same
altered reality
new normal
different world
strange times
weird days
odd moments
peculiar instances
unusual circumstances
extraordinary situations
exceptional cases
special occasions
rare moments
once in lifetime
never again
first and last
beginning and end
alpha and omega
start to finish
soup to nuts
A to Z
everything
all inclusive
comprehensive
complete
total
absolute
ultimate
supreme
maximum
extreme
intense
powerful
overwhelming
crushing
devastating
destructive
annihilating
obliterating
vaporizing
disintegrating
pulverizing
atomizing
molecular
subatomic
quantum
microscopic
infinitesimal
minuscule
tiny
small
little
petite
miniature
pocket sized
bite sized
fun sized
travel sized
sample sized
trial sized
demo version
beta test
alpha build
work in progress
under construction
coming soon
stay tuned
to be continued
more to come
this is just beginning
tip of iceberg
scratch the surface
barely started
just getting warmed up
revving engines
gearing up
preparing for battle
getting ready
loading weapons
ammunition ready
locked and loaded
ready to fire
target acquired
sight locked
finger on trigger
safety off
countdown started
t minus
blast off
launch sequence
ignition
lift off
escape velocity
breaking atmosphere
entering space
zero gravity
weightless
floating
drifting
orbiting
revolving
spinning
rotating
turning
twisting
spiraling
corkscrewing
drilling
boring
penetrating
piercing
puncturing
stabbing
cutting
slicing
dicing
chopping
hacking
slashing
whipping
lashing
thrashing
beating
pounding
hammering
crushing
smashing
bashing
breaking
shattering
fracturing
cracking
splitting
dividing
separating
tearing
ripping
shredding
destroying
demolishing
wrecking
ruining
devastating
laying waste
scorched earth
nuclear option
going nuclear
atomic
radioactive
toxic
poisonous
venomous
deadly
lethal
fatal
terminal
final
conclusive
definitive
decisive
determining
pivotal
crucial
critical
vital
essential
necessary
required
mandatory
obligatory
compulsory
forced
involuntary
against will
unwilling
reluctant
hesitant
uncertain
doubtful
questioning
skeptical
suspicious
distrustful
paranoid
fearful
afraid
scared
terrified
petrified
horrified
appalled
shocked
stunned
amazed
astonished
astounded
flabbergasted
dumbfounded
speechless
wordless
silent
quiet
hushed
muted
subdued
restrained
controlled
measured
calculated
deliberate
intentional
purposeful
meaningful
significant
important
noteworthy
remarkable
extraordinary
exceptional
outstanding
incredible
amazing
fantastic
wonderful
marvelous
spectacular
magnificent
glorious
brilliant
splendid
superb
excellent
perfect
flawless
impeccable
immaculate
pristine
spotless
clean
pure
innocent
virginal
untouched
unspoiled
unmarked
unblemished
perfect condition
mint condition
factory fresh
brand new
hot off press
fresh from oven
straight from source
direct
immediate
instant
rapid
quick
fast
speedy
swift
hasty
hurried
rushed
frantic
frenzied
manic
hyperactive
energetic
dynamic
explosive
volcanic
eruptive
violent
aggressive
hostile
angry
furious
enraged
livid
irate
incensed
outraged
indignant
offended
insulted
hurt
wounded
injured
damaged
broken
shattered
destroyed
ruined
devastated
crushed
defeated
beaten
conquered
overcome
overwhelmed
overpowered
dominated
controlled
subjugated
enslaved
imprisoned
trapped
confined
restricted
limited
bound
tied
chained
shackled
handcuffed
restrained
held back
suppressed
repressed
oppressed
depressed
sad
melancholy
mournful
sorrowful
grieving
bereaved
heartbroken
devastated
crushed
shattered
broken
lost
confused
bewildered
perplexed
puzzled
baffled
mystified
stumped
stuck
blocked
trapped
cornered
backed into corner
between rock and hard place
devil and deep blue sea
catch 22
no win situation
lose lose
damned if you do
damned if you don't
heads I win
tails you lose
rigged game
stacked deck
loaded dice
fixed fight
predetermined outcome
foregone conclusion
inevitable result
sure thing
certain
definite
absolute
positive
unquestionable
undeniable
irrefutable
incontrovertible
indisputable
beyond doubt
crystal clear
plain as day
obvious
evident
apparent
manifest
visible
noticeable
observable
detectable
recognizable
identifiable
distinguishable
unmistakable
clear cut
black and white
cut and dried
open and shut
case closed
matter settled
question answered
problem solved
mystery resolved
puzzle completed
mission accomplished
job done
task finished
work complete
duty fulfilled
obligation met
promise kept
word honored
commitment maintained
loyalty preserved
faith kept
trust maintained
confidence sustained
belief upheld
hope sustained
dream alive
vision clear
goal in sight
target acquired
objective identified
mission defined
purpose clear
meaning understood
message received
communication established
connection made
link formed
bond created
relationship built
partnership formed
alliance established
cooperation achieved
collaboration accomplished
teamwork demonstrated
unity shown
solidarity displayed
togetherness exhibited
harmony demonstrated
peace established
tranquility achieved
calm maintained
serenity preserved
quiet sustained
silence kept
stillness maintained
motionlessness preserved
statue like
frozen
paralyzed
immobilized
stuck
trapped
caught
captured
seized
grabbed
held
gripped
clutched
grasped
embraced
hugged
squeezed
compressed
crushed
smashed
flattened
pancaked
steamrolled
bulldozed
demolished
wrecked
destroyed
annihilated
obliterated
vaporized
disintegrated
atomized
pulverized
ground to dust
reduced to rubble
turned to ash
burned to crisp
charred beyond recognition
melted
liquefied
dissolved
evaporated
disappeared
vanished
gone
extinct
history
past tense
was
used to be
once upon time
long ago
in beginning
at first
initially
originally
primarily
mainly
chiefly
mostly
largely
generally
usually
typically
normally
commonly
ordinarily
regularly
routinely
habitually
customarily
traditionally
conventionally
classically
timelessly
eternally
forever
always
constantly
continuously
perpetually
endlessly
infinitely
limitlessly
boundlessly
immeasurably
incalculably
countless
innumerable
numberless
countless
endless
infinite
eternal
everlasting
permanent
lasting
enduring
persistent
constant
steady
stable
firm
solid
strong
powerful
mighty
robust
sturdy
tough
durable
resilient
flexible
adaptable
versatile
multi-purpose
all-purpose
universal
general
broad
wide
extensive
comprehensive
complete
total
full
entire
whole
all
everything
everybody
everyone
all people
human race
mankind
humanity
civilization
society
community
group
team
crew
squad
unit
division
section
department
organization
institution
establishment
foundation
company
corporation
business
enterprise
venture
operation
project
program
initiative
campaign
movement
cause
mission
purpose
goal
objective
target
aim
intention
plan
strategy
approach
method
technique
procedure
process
system
mechanism
device
tool
instrument
equipment
apparatus
machine
contraption
gadget
gizmo
widget
thing
object
item
piece
part
component
element
aspect
feature
characteristic
trait
quality
property
attribute
mark
sign
symbol
indicator
signal
clue
hint
suggestion
implication
inference
conclusion
deduction
reasoning
logic
thinking
thought
idea
concept
notion
understanding
comprehension
knowledge
wisdom
intelligence
smartness
cleverness
wit
humor
comedy
fun
amusement
entertainment
enjoyment
pleasure
delight
joy
happiness
bliss
ecstasy
euphoria
elation
exhilaration
excitement
thrill
rush
high
peak
climax
culmination
zenith
apex
summit
top
maximum
ultimate
supreme
perfect
ideal
best
finest
greatest
most
extreme
intense
powerful
strong
mighty
tremendous
enormous
huge
gigantic
colossal
massive
immense
vast
extensive
comprehensive
complete
thorough
exhaustive
detailed
specific
precise
exact
accurate
correct
right
proper
appropriate
suitable
fitting
apt
relevant
pertinent
applicable
useful
helpful
beneficial
advantageous
favorable
positive
good
excellent
outstanding
exceptional
remarkable
extraordinary
amazing
incredible
fantastic
wonderful
marvelous
spectacular
magnificent
glorious
brilliant
splendid
superb
perfect
flawless
impeccable
immaculate
pristine
ideal
ultimate
supreme
maximum
peak
climax
zenith
apex
summit
top
highest
best
finest
greatest
most
ultimate
final
last
ending
concluding
finishing
completing
fulfilling
achieving
accomplishing
succeeding
winning
triumphing
conquering
overcoming
prevailing
dominating
ruling
controlling
commanding
leading
directing
guiding
managing
handling
operating
running
working
functioning
performing
executing
carrying out
implementing
applying
using
employing
utilizing
exploiting
leveraging
capitalizing
maximizing
optimizing
perfecting
refining
improving
enhancing
upgrading
advancing
progressing
developing
growing
expanding
increasing
multiplying
amplifying
magnifying
intensifying
strengthening
fortifying
reinforcing
consolidating
establishing
founding
creating
forming
building
constructing
assembling
manufacturing
producing
generating
making
doing
performing
executing
accomplishing
achieving
completing
finishing
ending
concluding