steel plate construction
iron band reinforcement
bronze scale overlay
copper wire binding
silver thread stitching
gold leaf decoration
platinum edge trimming
mithril core structure
adamantine reinforcement
orichalcum alloy blend
titanium lightweight
aluminum flexibility
carbon fiber strength
kevlar impact resistance
ceramic plate inserts
composite material layers
dragon hide backing
wyvern scale plating
basilisk skin lining
griffin feather trim
phoenix down insulation
unicorn hair threading
demon hide corruption
angel wing protection
leather hardened
suede soft backing
fur thermal lining
silk comfort layer
cotton breathable
linen moisture wicking
wool warmth retention
hemp durability
bamboo flexibility
wood plate segments
bone reinforcement
horn spike additions
tooth cutting edges
claw gripping surfaces
crystal power focus
gemstone enchantment