elven gilded armor
glass armor transparency
elven refined metalwork
altmer high elf elegance
bosmer wood elf crafting
dunmer dark elf design
ancient falmer corruption
snow elf lost legacy
ayleid wild elf ruins
dwemer deep elf mystery
orsimer orc brutality
maormer sea elf exotic
thalmor justiciar authority
aldmeri dominion power
summerset isle refinement
valenwood nature harmony
morrowind ash adaptation
moonstone silver gleam
quicksilver mercury flow
malachite green beauty
refined moonstone
corundum red strength
silver ingot purity
gold leaf decoration
precious gem inlay
emerald forest green
sapphire ocean blue
ruby flame red
diamond crystal clear
amethyst mystic purple
topaz golden yellow
opal rainbow shimmer
pearl ocean treasure
elven craftsmanship
ancient knowledge
magical enhancement
enchantment readiness
spell resistance
magicka conductivity