telepathic mind reading
empathic emotion sensing
precognitive future glimpses
retrocognitive past viewing
clairvoyant distant perception
psychometric object reading
astral projection travel
remote viewing ability
telekinetic object movement
pyrokinetic fire control
cryokinetic ice manipulation
electrokinetic energy control
hydrokinetic water mastery
aerokinetic wind command
geokinetic earth shaping
photokinetic light bending
umbrakinetic shadow control
chronokinetic time manipulation
psychokinetic force fields
biokinetic life energy
necrokinetic death energy
technokinetic machine control
teleporation instant travel
bilocation dual presence
phasing through matter
invisibility light bending
shape-shifting form change
size alteration ability
density manipulation
intangibility achievement
levitation anti-gravity
energy absorption
power mimicry
ability negation
psychic shield generation
mental domination
memory manipulation
consciousness transfer
soul projection
spirit communication