precambrian eon ancient
archean eon early
proterozoic eon middle
phanerozoic eon recent
paleozoic era ancient
mesozoic era middle
cenozoic era recent
cambrian explosion
ordovician marine
silurian stable
devonian fish
carboniferous coal
permian extinction
triassic recovery
jurassic dinosaur
cretaceous flowering
paleogene mammal
neogene cooling
quaternary ice
holocene current
anthropocene human
pleistocene glacial
pliocene cooling
miocene warming
oligocene transition
eocene thermal maximum
paleocene recovery
maastrichtian impact
campanian sea
santonian regression
coniacian marine
turonian oceanic
cenomanian greenhouse
albian marine
aptian oceanic
barremian cool
hauterivian marine
valanginian cool
berriasian transition
tithonian reef
kimmeridgian marine
oxfordian shallow
callovian marine
bathonian warm
bajocian marine
aalenian cool
toarcian extinction
pliensbachian marine
sinemurian stable
hettangian recovery
rhaetian transition
norian humid
carnian pluvial
ladinian marine
anisian recovery
olenekian marine
induan recovery
changhsingian extinction
wuchiapingian marine
capitanian reef
wordian marine
roadian cool
kungurian glacial
artinskian marine
sakmarian cool
asselian recovery
gzhelian glacial
kasimovian coal
moscovian warm
bashkirian marine
serpukhovian cool
visean marine
tournaisian recovery
famennian extinction
frasnian reef
givetian marine
eifelian warm
emsian marine
pragian terrestrial
lochkovian marine
pridoli terrestrial
ludlow marine
wenlock reef
llandovery recovery
hirnantian glacial
katian marine
sandbian cool
darriwilian marine
dapingian warm
floian marine
tremadocian recovery
stage 10 cambrian
jiangshanian marine
paibian extinction
guzhangian marine
drumian trilobite
wuliuan marine
stage 4 cambrian
stage 3 marine
terreneuvian early
fortunian base
ediacaran vendian
cryogenian snowball
tonian supercontinent
stenian expansion
ectasian stable
calymmian supercontinent
statherian orogeny
orosirian oxygen
rhyacian glaciation
siderian iron
neoarchean cyanobacteria
mesoarchean photosynthesis
paleoarchean primitive
eoarchean hadean
hadean formation
big bang creation
cosmic inflation
nucleosynthesis elements
recombination transparent
dark ages
first stars
reionization
galaxy formation
heavy elements
planetary formation
late heavy bombardment
moon formation
atmospheric evolution
ocean formation
life origin
rna world
dna replication
cellular evolution
prokaryotic cells
eukaryotic cells
multicellular life
sexual reproduction
hard parts
burgess shale
cambrian radiation
great ordovician
biodiversification
late ordovician
mass extinction
silurian recovery
devonian diversification
late devonian
extinction events
carboniferous rainforest
collapse permian
pangaea formation
great dying
triassic recovery
carnian pluvial
episode jurassic
breakup gondwana
cretaceous thermal
maximum flowering
plants radiation
kt boundary
impact winter
mammalian radiation
climate cooling
antarctic glaciation
himalayan orogeny
panama isthmus
quaternary glaciation
human evolution
agricultural revolution
industrial revolution
great acceleration
climate change
mass extinction
sixth extinction
anthropocene epoch
nuclear age
space age
information age
digital revolution
genetic engineering
artificial intelligence
climate crisis
biodiversity loss
ocean acidification
nitrogen cycle
disruption water
cycle disruption
land use change
chemical pollution
atmospheric loading
ozone depletion
novel ecosystems
planetary boundaries
tipping points
feedback loops
albedo feedback
ice albedo
vegetation albedo
cloud albedo
water vapor
feedback carbon
cycle feedback
permafrost thaw
methane hydrates
forest dieback
amazon rainforest
boreal forest
coral bleaching
ocean circulation
atlantic meridional
thermohaline circulation
gulf stream
antarctic circumpolar
el nino southern
pacific decadal
atlantic multidecadal
north atlantic
arctic oscillation
antarctic oscillation
indian ocean dipole
madden julian
quasi biennial
solar cycle
milankovitch cycles
eccentricity orbital
obliquity axial
precession wobble
orbital forcing
solar irradiance
cosmic rays
volcanic forcing
aerosol forcing
greenhouse gases
carbon dioxide
methane emissions
nitrous oxide
fluorinated gases
ozone tropospheric
black carbon
sulfate aerosols
organic aerosols
dust aerosols
sea salt
volcanic ash
stratospheric ozone
mesospheric cooling
thermospheric heating
ionospheric variability
magnetospheric dynamics
space weather
solar storms
geomagnetic reversals
magnetic pole
wandering paleomagnetic
secular variation
archaeological dating
radiocarbon dating
dendrochronology tree
ice core
paleoclimatology
proxy records
lake sediments
marine sediments
speleothems caves
coral growth
tree rings
pollen records
diatom assemblages
foraminifera shells
stable isotopes
radiometric dating
uranium lead
potassium argon
argon argon
rubidium strontium
samarium neodymium
rhenium osmium
lutetium hafnium
cosmogenic nuclides
luminescence dating
electron spin
amino acid
obsidian hydration
lichenometry growth