ribbed corduroy texture
crosshatch pen strokes
stippled dotted surface
hatched parallel lines
scumbled broken color
impasto thick paint
glazed transparent layer
wet on wet bleeding
dry brush rough
sgraffito scratched through
frottage rubbing technique
grattage scraping paint
decalcomania transfer
fumage smoke effects
parsemage systematic dots
oscillation vibrating
granulation watercolor
backruns cauliflower
blooms water marks
salt texture speckled
alcohol drops circular
masking fluid resist
lifting wet pigment
negative painting
positive painting
alla prima wet
fat over lean
chiaroscuro light dark
sfumato smoky
cangiante iridescent
unione unified color
morbidezza softness
sprezzatura effortlessness
pentimento visible changes
craquelure age cracks
alligatoring paint scales
blanching whitish haze
bloom surface haze
blistering paint bubbles
chalking powder surface
checking fine cracks
flaking peeling paint
fading color loss
mildew fungal growth
oxidation metal corrosion
patina green copper
rust iron oxide
tarnish silver sulfide
verdigris copper carbonate
weathering natural aging
erosion gradual wearing
abrasion surface wearing
scratching linear marks
gouging deep cuts
chipping paint loss
denting metal depression
warping wood distortion
splitting wood separation
checking wood cracks
cupping wood curving
twisting wood spiral
bowing wood bending
case hardening surface
compression wood stress
tension pulling force
shear sideways force
torsion twisting force
fatigue repeated stress
creep slow deformation
relaxation stress relief
hysteresis energy loss
elasticity spring back
plasticity permanent change
brittleness sudden failure
ductility stretching ability
malleability hammering
hardness indentation resistance
toughness impact resistance
stiffness deflection resistance
strength load capacity
density mass volume
porosity void space
permeability fluid flow
capillarity surface tension
adhesion sticking together
cohesion internal bonding
surface tension liquid
viscosity flow resistance
thixotropy stirring thinning
dilatancy shear thickening
viscoelasticity time dependent
creep time deformation
stress relaxation
dynamic mechanical
loss modulus
storage modulus
glass transition
melting point
boiling point
freezing point
sublimation direct
condensation vapor
evaporation liquid
crystallization solid
amorphous non crystalline
polymorphism crystal forms
isomerism same formula
tautomerism equilibrium
resonance electron
hybridization orbital
electronegativity electron
ionization energy
electron affinity
atomic radius
ionic radius
covalent radius
van der waals
metallic radius
bond length
bond angle
bond energy
bond order
formal charge
oxidation state
coordination number
ligand field
crystal field
molecular orbital
valence bond
lewis structure
vsepr geometry
molecular geometry
electron geometry
polar molecule
nonpolar molecule
dipole moment
hydrogen bonding
london dispersion
dipole dipole
ion dipole
ion ion
covalent bonding
ionic bonding
metallic bonding
network covalent
coordinate covalent
pi bonding
sigma bonding
delocalized electrons
conjugated system
aromatic stability
antiaromatic instability
homoaromaticity
pseudoaromaticity
aromaticity rules
huckel rule
frost diagram
molecular orbital diagram
energy level
aufbau principle
pauli exclusion
hund rule
electron configuration
noble gas notation
valence electrons
core electrons
shielding effect
effective nuclear
penetration effect
slater rules
atomic orbital
molecular orbital
bonding orbital
antibonding orbital
nonbonding orbital
hybrid orbital
sp3 hybridization
sp2 hybridization
sp hybridization
dsp3 hybridization
d2sp3 hybridization
octahedral geometry
tetrahedral geometry
trigonal bipyramidal
square pyramidal
square planar
trigonal planar
linear geometry
bent geometry
trigonal pyramidal
seesaw geometry
t shaped
pentagonal bipyramidal
cube geometry
dodecahedral geometry
icosahedral geometry
distorted octahedral
compressed octahedral
elongated octahedral
facial isomerism
meridional isomerism
geometric isomerism
optical isomerism
conformational isomerism
constitutional isomerism
stereoisomerism
enantiomers mirror
diastereomers non mirror
meso compounds
racemic mixture
optical activity
specific rotation
circular dichroism
optical rotation
polarimetry measurement
chiral center
asymmetric carbon
prochiral carbon
achiral molecule
superimposable mirror
non superimposable
r s configuration
d l configuration
e z configuration
cis trans
syn anti
endo exo
equatorial axial
chair conformation
boat conformation
twist boat
half chair
envelope conformation
eclipsed conformation
staggered conformation
gauche interaction
anti periplanar
syn periplanar
torsional strain
angle strain
steric hindrance
1 3 diaxial
flagpole interaction
newman projection
fischer projection
haworth projection
wedge dash notation
sawhorse projection
flying wedge
molecular modeling
computational chemistry
quantum mechanics
molecular dynamics
monte carlo
hartree fock
density functional
ab initio
semi empirical
molecular mechanics
force field
potential energy
kinetic energy
total energy
zero point
vibrational energy
rotational energy
electronic energy
nuclear energy
binding energy
ionization energy
electron affinity
electronegativity
hardness softness
electrophilicity
nucleophilicity
leaving group
attacking group
carbocation stability
carbanion stability
free radical
biradical
carbene
nitrene
ylide
betaine
zwitterion
dipolar ion
amphoteric
amphiphilic
hydrophilic water loving
hydrophobic water fearing
lipophilic fat loving
lipophobic fat fearing
oleophilic oil loving
oleophobic oil fearing
surfactant interface
emulsifier suspension
stabilizer prevent
thickener viscosity
gelling agent
binding agent
coating agent
film forming
barrier properties
breathable membrane
waterproof coating
moisture resistant
flame retardant
uv resistant
chemical resistant
corrosion resistant
wear resistant
scratch resistant
impact resistant
tear resistant
puncture resistant
compression resistant
tensile strength
flexural strength
shear strength
fatigue strength
creep resistance