luciferin-luciferase reaction
bacterial luminescence
dinoflagellate water glow
firefly abdominal flash
deep sea anglerfish lure
jellyfish bell pulsation
coral polyp fluorescence
mushroom mycelium glow
algae bloom illumination
plankton wake disturbance
squid photophore display
fish counter-illumination
worm segmented lighting
beetle defensive flash
click beetle thorax glow
railroad worm multicolor
glowworm cave ceiling
foxfire fungal decay
will-o'-wisp marsh gas
aurora atmospheric glow
phosphorescent wave crash
crystalline mineral glow
radioluminescent decay
chemiluminescent reaction
electroluminescent discharge
photoluminescent absorption
thermoluminescent heat
triboluminescent friction
sonoluminescent cavitation
cathodoluminescent electron
fluorescent protein expression
phosphorescent afterglow
scintillation light pulse
iridescent color shift
opalescent play of color
pearlescent nacre sheen
metallic luster shine
adamantine diamond gleam
vitreous glass clarity
resinous amber warmth
waxy candle glow