gundam style mecha
heavy assault mech
light reconnaissance mech
medium battle mech
transforming variable mech
bipedal combat mech
quadrupedal walker mech
aerial flight mech
aquatic submarine mech
space combat mech
stealth infiltration mech
support artillery mech
engineering construction mech
mining industrial mech
rescue emergency mech
transport carrier mech
command control mech
sniper long-range mech
close combat melee mech
shield defensive mech
berserker assault mech
guardian protector mech
hunter killer mech
demolition destruction mech
repair maintenance mech
exploration survey mech
diplomatic escort mech
ceremonial parade mech
gladiator arena mech
mercenary freelance mech
military standard mech
civilian security mech
police enforcement mech
corporate security mech
rebel resistance mech
pirate raider mech
knight noble mech
samurai honor mech
ninja stealth mech
monk spiritual mech