oversized bulbous head
elongated snout muzzle
short stubby nose
large compound eyes
small beady eyes
glowing luminous orbs
multiple eye clusters
single cyclopean eye
no visible eyes
retractable eye stalks
rotating eye sockets
crystalline faceted eyes
flame-filled eye sockets
water-filled eye chambers
plant-like photosynthetic spots
metallic sensor arrays
pointed triangular ears
rounded floppy ears
fin-like ear flaps
horn-like ear spikes
no external ears
internal audio receptors
sonic dish receivers
vibration sensing organs
flame-crowned crest
ice crystal formations
leafy plant growth
rocky mineral deposits
metallic antenna arrays
energy discharge horns
psychic focus gems
elemental vent openings
beak-like mouth opening
fanged predator maw
herbivore grinding plates
filter feeding apparatus
energy absorption ports
sound production chambers
pheromone release glands
toxic secretion ducts
healing saliva glands
magnetic field generators