looking over shoulder
gazing upward
staring downward
glancing sideways
peering around corner
looking back
eyes closed dreaming
half-lidded gaze
wide-eyed stare
squinting focus
peripheral vision alert
direct eye contact
avoiding eye contact
looking away shyly
confident stare
intimidating glare
seductive gaze
innocent look
wise contemplation
distant stare
focused concentration
scanning surroundings
searching gaze
longing look
nostalgic glance
fearful peek
curious observation
judgmental stare
compassionate look
hateful glare
loving gaze
indifferent glance
surprised wide eyes
suspicious narrow eyes
sleepy drooping lids
alert sharp gaze
unfocused distant look
laser-focused stare
darting nervous glances
steady unwavering gaze
blinking rapidly
slow deliberate blink
eyes rolling upward
eyes darting left
eyes shifting right
looking up hopefully
looking down sadly
sideways suspicious glance
backward fearful look
forward determined gaze
angular side glance
diagonal upward look
straight ahead focus
360-degree awareness
tunnel vision focus
panoramic scanning
microscopic examination
telescopic distance viewing
x-ray vision penetration
thermal vision scanning
night vision adaptation
eagle-eye precision
hawk-like alertness
predator's hunting gaze
prey's escape scanning
sniper's target focus
detective's investigation look
scientist's observation
artist's aesthetic analysis
lover's adoring gaze
mother's protective watch
child's wonder-filled stare
elder's knowing look