ritualistic dismemberment
limb severing mechanics
flesh eating compulsion
bone gnawing madness
body dysmorphic transformation
surgical amputation horror
cannibalistic feast ritual
visceral organ exposure
skeletal frame corruption
muscular tissue decay
nerve system deterioration
circulatory collapse syndrome
respiratory failure anxiety
digestive system rebellion
endocrine disruption madness
reproductive organ terror
skin flaying procedures
subcutaneous parasite infestation
marrow extraction torture
tendon severing discipline
joint dislocation punishment
vertebral crushing weight
cranial pressure explosion
ocular fluid extraction
dental root excavation
nail bed separation agony
hair follicle inflammation
pore clogging suffocation
sweat gland blockage
sebaceous cyst eruption
blackhead extraction obsession
whitehead popping compulsion
acne scarring trauma
wrinkle formation anxiety
age spot multiplication fear
liver spot spreading panic
mole growth paranoia
freckle cluster phobia
birthmark expansion terror
scar tissue proliferation
keloid formation nightmare
stretch mark multiplication
cellulite accumulation disgust
varicose vein explosion
spider vein multiplication
bruise color transformation
hematoma expansion horror
contusion spreading panic
laceration depth anxiety
puncture wound festering
abrasion surface burning
incision healing failure
suture line separation
bandage adhesion removal
cast removal claustrophobia
splint pressure necrosis
crutch dependency syndrome
wheelchair confinement terror
bed sore development
pressure ulcer formation
diabetic foot amputation
gangrene spreading infection
sepsis blood poisoning
toxic shock syndrome
anaphylactic reaction panic
allergic response cascade
autoimmune system rebellion
inflammation cascade horror
fever spike delirium
hypothermia shutdown panic
hyperthermia cooking sensation
dehydration cellular collapse
starvation tissue consumption
malnutrition bone brittleness
vitamin deficiency blindness
mineral depletion weakness
protein deficiency edema
carbohydrate crash fatigue
fat soluble vitamin toxicity
water intoxication drowning
electrolyte imbalance seizure
pH balance disruption
oxygen deprivation blackout
carbon dioxide poisoning
carbon monoxide suffocation
methane gas asphyxiation
hydrogen sulfide exposure
ammonia vapor burning
chlorine gas lung searing
fluorine compound erosion
bromine liquid skin melting
iodine crystal sublimation
mercury vapor madness
lead paint chip ingestion
asbestos fiber inhalation
formaldehyde preservation
acetone nail dissolving
benzene blood cancer
toluene brain damage
xylene nervous system toxicity
phenol protein coagulation
cresol tissue necrosis
aniline methemoglobinemia
nitrobenzene cyanosis
dinitrophenol hyperthermia
trinitrotoluene explosive
picric acid detonation
nitroglycerin headache
ammonium nitrate blast
potassium nitrate burning
sodium nitrite poisoning
calcium carbide gas
magnesium ribbon ignition
aluminum powder explosion
iron oxide thermite
copper sulfate crystallization
zinc chloride cauterization
silver nitrate staining
gold cyanide extraction
platinum wire heating
palladium catalyst reaction
rhodium complex formation
iridium compound synthesis
osmium tetroxide volatility
ruthenium red staining
rhenium radioactivity
technetium medical imaging
molybdenum deficiency
tungsten filament burning
tantalum implant rejection
hafnium nuclear absorption
zirconium corrosion
titanium allergic response
vanadium toxicity
chromium hexavalent cancer
manganese neurotoxicity
cobalt cardiomyopathy
nickel contact dermatitis
copper wilson disease
zinc deficiency immunosuppression
cadmium kidney damage
mercury methylation
lead encephalopathy
arsenic poisoning
antimony pneumoconiosis
bismuth nephrotoxicity
thallium alopecia
polonium radiation
radon lung cancer
radium bone cancer
uranium nephrotoxicity
plutonium bone deposition
americium smoke detector
curium research exposure
berkelium laboratory accident
californium neutron source
einsteinium decay chain
fermium particle bombardment
mendelevium cyclotron
nobelium heavy ion
lawrencium synthetic element
rutherfordium superheavy
dubnium particle physics
seaborgium nuclear reaction
bohrium proton bombardment
hassium alpha decay
meitnerium electron capture
darmstadtium fission fragment
roentgenium x-ray exposure
copernicium heavy metal
nihonium synthetic decay
flerovium super-heavy
moscovium particle collision
livermorium nuclear synthesis
tennessine halogen analog
oganesson noble gas
ununennium theoretical element
unbinilium predicted isotope
unbiunium hypothetical
unbibium super-actinide
unbitrium extended periodic
unbiquadium theoretical
unbipentium predicted
unbihexium hypothetical
unbiseptium theoretical
unbioctium predicted
unbiennium hypothetical
untrinilium theoretical
untriunium predicted
untribium hypothetical
untriquadium theoretical
untripentium predicted
untrihexium hypothetical
untriseptium theoretical
untrioctium predicted
untriennium hypothetical
unquadnilium theoretical
unquadunium predicted
unquadbium hypothetical
unquadtrium theoretical
unquadquadium predicted
unquadpentium hypothetical
unquadhexium theoretical
unquadseptium predicted
unquadoctium hypothetical
unquadennium theoretical
unpentnilium predicted
unpentunium hypothetical
unpentbium theoretical
unpenttrium predicted
unpentquadium hypothetical
unpentpentium theoretical
unpenthexium predicted
unpentseptium hypothetical
unpentoctium theoretical
unpentennium predicted
unhexnilium hypothetical
unhexunium theoretical
unhexbium predicted
unhextrium hypothetical
unhexquadium theoretical
unhexpentium predicted
unhexhexium hypothetical