heterochromia sectoral
ringed limbal bright
gold-flecked hazel
opaline iridescent
storm grey with violet tint
catlike vertical pupils
goat horizontal pupils
double irises illusion
galaxy swirl pattern
bio-lum pupils
mirror-sheen reflective
opal black sclera
snowy blue frost eyes
ember glowing coals
neon cybernetic HUD
clockwork iris aperture
pixelated mosaic eyes
inkspill watercolor iris
marble veined pattern
prismatic diffraction
aurora borealis gradient
starfield speckled pupils
luminous silver halos
molten gold cataract
crystal shard pupils
fractal iris filigree
nebula cloud irises
glacial teal ring
luminous circuit lines
tri-tone kaleidoscope
biolum coral shimmer
dusk lavender gradient
midnight blue with stardust
copper ember flecks
sapphire rimmed obsidian
amber rimmed smoke
moss green with gold veins
oil slick iridescence
holographic hex pattern
metallic bronze sheen
luminous glyph pupils
shifting prism irises
spectral rainbow band
ultraviolet neon glow
rune-etched sclera
crystalline lattice pattern
liquid mercury eyes
polished gemstone glare
ember ringed pupils
frostbitten aqua glare
auric halo pupils
stormfront clouded iris
honeycomb iris cells
swirling ink nebula
luminous void black
bronze and teal split
molten lava striations
chromatic flicker pupils
cyan circuitry overlay
stained glass iris
mirrored chrome stare
crystalline snowflake pupil
gradient sunset eyes
pale moonstone shimmer
ember crackled sclera
luminous comet tail
luminous cat-eye streak
glowing circuit reticle
radial glyph irises
mandala-shaped iris
topaz and teal marbled
glinting auric shards
smoky quartz depth
luminescent amber ring
obsidian with silver rim
pastel opal wash
volcanic ash flecks
crystalline frost veins
jade mist irises
glowing ember slits
pastel galaxy dust
starlit indigo ring
amber honeycomb pupils
luminous pastel gradient
glimmering aurora stripes
shimmering amethyst core
ice crystal facets
golden lotus iris
luminous circuit retinas
mirrored kaleidoscope fractals
midnight ink ripple
silvered storm swirl
ember spark motes
pearlescent tidepool
aurora veil shimmer
nebula violet bloom
luminous turquoise ripple
prismatic starburst
glowing rune lattice
chromatic aurora ring
liquid sapphire sheen
luminous copper ring
galaxy cluster pupils
dusk rose ombr√©
auric stardust halo
teal phosphor glow
luminous ember lattice
obsidian with crimson rim
smoky jade gradient
crystalline river veins
luminous swamp-glow
pastel nebula flares
stardust halo pupils
moonlit alabaster sheen
luminous peridot shimmer
cosmic storm eddies
frostfire iris ring
luminous crimson spark
glowing twilight haze
glassy seafoam luminescence
luminous aurora-threaded sclera
crystalline dusk gradient
luminous obsidian shimmer
starlight halo gradients
spectral mandala pupils
neon circuitry spokes
luminous jade lightning
velvet night iris
radiant prism veins
twilight ember glow
