fibonacci spiral sequence
golden ratio proportions
pentagonal symmetry
hexagonal honeycomb
octagonal tessellation
dodecagonal patterns
icosahedral geometry
tetrahedral structures
cubic grid systems
spherical projections
cylindrical mappings
toroidal wrapping
mobius strip continuity
klein bottle topology
fractal self-similarity
mandelbrot set iterations
julia set variations
sierpinski triangle
koch snowflake
dragon curve recursion
hilbert space filling
peano curve mapping
cantor set dust
lorenz attractor chaos
strange attractor dynamics
bifurcation diagrams
phase space trajectories
periodic orbit cycles
quasi-periodic sequences
chaotic dynamics
butterfly effect sensitivity
power law scaling
log-normal distributions
gaussian bell curves
exponential decay
sine wave oscillations
cosine wave patterns
square wave digital
sawtooth wave forms
triangle wave shapes
noise pattern randomness
white noise uniformity
pink noise distribution
brown noise correlation
perlin noise generation
simplex noise algorithms
voronoi cell diagrams
delaunay triangulation
convex hull boundaries
alpha shape boundaries
medial axis transforms
distance field gradients
level set contours
isoline mapping
contour line elevation
topographic relief
bathymetric depth
atmospheric pressure
temperature gradients
humidity variations
wind flow patterns
ocean current streams
tidal wave movements
seismic wave propagation
electromagnetic fields
gravitational lensing
light interference
wave diffraction
quantum interference
probability wave functions
standing wave patterns
resonance frequencies