tactical body armor
kevlar vest protection
ceramic plate insert
bulletproof fabric
knife-resistant material
stab-proof vest
riot gear padding
SWAT team uniform
military fatigues
combat boots
tactical gloves
ballistic helmet
face shield visor
gas mask protection
chemical suit
hazmat gear
NBC protection
radiation suit
bomb disposal armor
EOD protective gear
medieval chainmail
plate armor suit
knight's gambeson
samurai yoroi
ninja shinobi shozoku
assassin's robes
ranger's leathers
barbarian fur armor
viking battle gear
gladiator equipment
roman lorica
greek hoplite armor
spartan bronze
celtic warrior paint
tribal war dress
amazon warrior outfit
valkyrie battle maiden
berserker bear skin
death knight armor
paladin plate mail
dark knight gear
demon hunter outfit
monster slayer armor
vampire hunter garb
witch hunter robes
inquisitor vestments
crusader surcoat
templar cross
hospitaller cloak
teutonic order
golden fleece
dragon scale armor
phoenix feather cloak
unicorn hair weave
griffin talon boots
pegasus wing cape
centaur leather
minotaur hide
kraken tentacle belt
serpent scale gloves
basilisk skin boots
chimera fur coat
hydra fang necklace
manticore spine armor
sphinx riddle robes
gorgon reflection shield
medusa snake hair
cyclops eye patch
titan strength gauntlets
olympian god robes
norse mythology gear
egyptian pharaoh gold
mayan feathered serpent
aztec obsidian blades
inca sun disk
native american war paint
aboriginal dreamtime
maori traditional ta moko
polynesian tribal tattoos
african tribal scarification
celtic knot patterns
viking rune inscriptions
japanese mon crests
chinese dragon embroidery
korean hanbok silk
thai traditional dress
indian sari elegance
tibetan prayer flags
mongolian deel coat
russian fur hat
scandinavian wool
scottish tartan plaid
irish claddagh ring
welsh dragon symbol
cornish tin mining
breton sailor stripes
basque beret
catalonian red sash
andalusian flamenco
portuguese azulejo
galician celtic cross
asturian mountains
aragonese crown
castilian castle
leonese lion
murcian silk
valencian orange
balearic islands
canarian banana
extremaduran ham
manchegan cheese
riojano wine
cantabrian anchovy
navarro pepper
aragonite crystal
olivine gemstone
tourmaline spectrum
amethyst purple
citrine yellow
rose quartz pink
smoky quartz gray
clear crystal
black obsidian
red jasper
green jade
blue lapis lazuli
white moonstone
silver sterling
gold vermeil
platinum shine
titanium strength
tungsten hardness
carbon fiber
kevlar weave
nomex flame
spectra cut
dyneema strength