ceremonial robes
ritual vestments
priestly garments
shamanic costume
druidic natural clothing
wiccan circle dress
pagan celebration outfit
occult ceremony attire
mystical ritual wear
sacred temple garments
holy blessing robes
divine service vestments
religious ceremony dress
spiritual gathering outfit
meditation retreat clothing
monastery habit
convent nun attire
monk's simple robes
friar's cord belt
abbot's staff symbol
bishop's mitre hat
cardinal's red zucchetto
pope's white cassock
orthodox patriarch beard
anglican clerical collar
protestant minister robe
baptist immersion gown
methodist circuit preacher
pentecostal revival tent
evangelical crusade banner
lutheran reformation cross
calvinist predestination
presbyterian assembly
congregational meeting
unitarian universalist
quaker silent worship
amish plain dress
mennonite head covering
hutterite community
shaker furniture
moravian star
adventist sabbath
jehovah's witness door
mormon temple garment
scientology e-meter
buddhist saffron robe
tibetan prayer wheel
zen meditation cushion
hindu sacred thread
sikh turban wrap
jain ahimsa principle
bahai unity symbol
zoroastrian fire temple
confucian scholar robe
taoist yin yang
shinto shrine maiden
indigenous sweat lodge
native american sage
african ancestral mask
australian dreamtime
polynesian tiki carving
melanesian cargo cult
micronesian navigation
caribbean santeria
mexican day of dead
peruvian ayahuasca
brazilian candomble
haitian vodou
jamaican rastafari
cuban lukumi
puerto rican espiritismo
dominican merengue
venezuelan santeria
colombian cumbia
ecuadorian pachamama
bolivian pachamama
argentinian tango
chilean mapuche
paraguayan guarani
uruguayan candombe
panamanian pollera
costa rican gallo pinto
nicaraguan rubén darío
honduran lempira
salvadoran pupusa
guatemalan quetzal
belizean barrier reef
indian holi colors
chinese new year red
japanese kimono silk
korean hanbok grace
thai lotus flower
vietnamese ao dai
cambodian apsara dance
laotian temple gold
myanmar thanaka paste
indonesian batik pattern
malaysian songket weave
philippine barong tagalog
singaporean merlion
brunei sultan palace
papua new guinea mask
fiji kava ceremony
tonga mat weaving
samoa tattoo tradition
cook islands tivaevae
niue traditional dance
tokelau fishing net
tuvalu rising sea
kiribati ocean people
marshall islands navigation
federated states micronesia
palau jellyfish lake
nauru phosphate mining
solomon islands skull
vanuatu land diving
new caledonia nickel
french polynesia pearl
american samoa tuna
guam chamorro
northern mariana saipan
wake island military
midway atoll albatross
hawaii aloha spirit
alaska northern lights
yukon gold rush
northwest territories diamond
nunavut inuit culture
greenland ice sheet
faroe islands sheep
iceland geysir
svalbard polar bear
jan mayen volcanic
bouvet island penguin
heard island seal
macquarie island royal
antarctica penguin
south georgia whaling
south sandwich volcanic
falkland islands sheep
tristan da cunha potato
saint helena napoleon
ascension island turtle