striped pattern design
spotted coat markings
solid color scheme
gradient color transition
two-tone color split
multicolor rainbow blend
metallic sheen finish
matte surface texture
glossy shine coating
iridescent color shift
holographic light play
translucent see-through
opaque solid coverage
crystalline clear structure
gem-like faceted surface
scaled reptilian texture
feathered bird plumage
furry mammal coating
smooth amphibian skin
rough bark texture
leaf-like plant surface
coral branching pattern
mineral rock formation
liquid flowing appearance
gaseous vapor form
energy plasma state
digital pixel pattern
mechanical gear design
organic flowing curves
geometric angular shapes
tribal symbolic marks
ancient runic symbols
modern tech circuitry
mystical magical sigils
celestial star patterns
lunar crescent shapes
solar radiant design
galactic spiral arms
nebula cloud formations
cosmic void darkness